Session: job
Situation: before bed
Participants: CHI, EXP, FAD, FAT, FCH, GRA, GRF, MAD, MCH, MOT, TCA, TEA, UNK
Total utterances: 5879
Summary sentences: 193
Compression ratio: 30:1

============================================================
NARRATIVE SUMMARY
============================================================

The child and The investigator discussed the recording equipment and Gabriella, Tony.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Joey, Graeme.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Joey.

The father and The child had disagreements about Joey.

The child and The father had disagreements about Joe, Joey.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Joey.

The child and The father worked on getting ready, preparing various topics.

The child and The father had disagreements about various topics.

The child and The father worked on getting ready, preparing Joey.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Joe.

The father and The child played and had fun with various topics.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Paris, Steve.

The father and The child had disagreements about Joe, Joey.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Joey, Graeme.

The father and The child had disagreements about Debbie, Bernice.

The father and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Joey.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Joe, Joey.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Joey.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Joey, Carol's.

The father and The child had disagreements about Joey, Graeme.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Mack, Graeme.

The child and The father expressed care and affection toward Joey, Graeme.

The child and The father had disagreements about William.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Paris, Lenita.

The father and The child had disagreements about Barbara, Joey.

The father and The child had disagreements about various topics.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Manfred, Fred.

The father and The child had disagreements about Joe.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Grand, Geaeme.

The father and The child had disagreements about Debbie, Joe.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Greg, Zoe.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Matthew, Joe.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Hillary, Mickey.

Another child and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Joe, Kempernick.

FAD and The child had disagreements about Bernice, Joey.

The child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Joey.

The child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Zoe.

The child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Bernice.

The investigator and The child expressed care and affection toward Perri, I'd.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Perri's.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about Bernice, Asher.

Another child and The father expressed care and affection toward Gabriel, Joey.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Robbie's, Gabriel.

The child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Zoe, Lenita.

The teacher and Another child played and had fun with Joe, Bernice.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about Joe, Gabe.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Gabe, Joey.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Bernice, Joey.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Willem's, Robbie.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Tony, Debbie.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Christopher, Joe.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Joe, Tony.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Greg, Steven.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Zoe.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Steven, Christopher.

Another child and Someone had disagreements about Joey, Graeme.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Debbie, Zoe.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Gabriel, Debbie.

Another child and The teacher played and had fun with Tony, Gabe.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Joey.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Joe, Steven.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Lisa.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Gabriel, New.

The child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Joe.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Joe, Steven.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Joe, Steven.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Debbie, Willem.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Joey.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Gabe.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Joe, Gabe.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Todd, Lisa.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Danny, Bernstein.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Danny, Steven.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Danny, Golden.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Danny's, Steven.

The child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Gabriel, Steven.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Gabriel, Danny.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Danny, Robbie's.

The teacher and The child expressed care and affection toward Danny, Steven.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Joe, Gabriel.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Chris, Gabe.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Joey, Steven.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Matthew, Gregory.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Asher, Joey.

The teacher and Another child worked on getting ready, preparing Mr, Bernice.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Perri's, Asher's.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Gabriel's, Gabriel.

The teacher and Another child expressed care and affection toward Asher's, Debbie.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Greg, Gabriel.

The child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Graeme, Gregory.

TCA and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Meike, Lenita.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about Joe, Steve.

The child and The teacher discussed the recording equipment and Tony, Graeme.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Tony, Graeme.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about Gregory's, Robbie.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Bernice, Lenita.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Robbie, Lenita.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Zoe, Lenita's.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Steven, Gabriel.

Another child and TCA had disagreements about Gabriel, Steven.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Gabriel, Debbie.

Another child and TCA had disagreements about Joe, Meike's.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Danny, Joe.

The teacher and The mother had disagreements about Gabriel's, Alexandra.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about I'd, Joey.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Ma, Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Joey.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Joe, Graeme.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Bogdos, Joey.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Joey, Steven's.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Paris, Joey.

The father and The mother asked and discussed questions about Ma, Ernie.

The father and The child had disagreements about Joey, Gabriel.

The child and The father had disagreements about Matrami's, Steven.

The father and The mother worked on getting ready, preparing Joey.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The father had disagreements about Joey.

The father and The child had disagreements about Evel, Joey.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Evel, Joey.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Joey.

The child and The father had disagreements about Jean.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Willy, Joey.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Joe.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Joe, Graeme.

The father and The mother had disagreements about Joey.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about Biscos.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Ma, Bloomingdale's.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Lee, Jean.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about Reilly, Biscos.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Ma, Freddie.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Joe, Ritz.

The father and The mother asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about California.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Joey, Biscos.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Ma, Joey.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Joey, Biscos.

The mother and The father had disagreements about Gabriel's, Gabriel.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Ma, Joey.

The child and The father had disagreements about Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Joey, Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about various topics.

The father and The mother had disagreements about Pete's, Lucy.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Ma.

The father and The child had disagreements about Graeme.

The father and The child had disagreements about Ma, Tony.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about Ma, Barbara.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about Joey, Whitey.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Robin, Batman.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Martha, Grover.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Ernie, Oscar.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Mama, Ma.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Barbara's, Jack.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Jack, Grover.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Grover.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Mr, Grover.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Ma.

The mother and The father had disagreements about Joe, Joan.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Jean, Joey.

The child and The grandfather asked and discussed questions about Joe, California.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Grover.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Ma, Ernie.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Barbara's, Bob.

The child said, "my dad was going to sprain my arm yesterday when we were com."

The child said, "daddy , how old are you ?."

The father said, "that's it ."

The child said, "we got it ."

The child said, "wait until the bus stops ."

FAD said, "but I'll tell you one thing I noticed , that kid's here in s."

The child said, "look what I got ."

The teacher said, "no , we hafta resolve this , uhuh ."

Another child said, "and a rhino ."

The teacher said, "okay , now we're got the track built what I want ."

Another child said, "I tell you , you mother fucking !."

Another child said, "that's Perri's ."

The teacher said, "oh , you made a comic book ?."

TCA said, "Debbie the kids don't wanna share their play dough with Gabr."

The child said, "that's something , letter for dad ."

The child said, "could you turn the light on ?."

The child said, "oh , oh no ."

The father said, "well if you're gonna take the file in there , look you can t."

The father said, "you're on tv ."

The father said, "how's that ?."

The child said, "who's Reilly ?."

The child said, "isn't that funny when I sneezed I came out , ahhah ."

The child said, "you want it ?."

The mother said, "are we sposta call Barbara tonight , honey ?."

The child said, "right mom ?."

The child said, "yeah a big , a bird ."

The grandfather said, "I'm gonna see you , I hope , before too long ."

The child said, "momma take off my ."