Session: jub
Situation: before bed
Participants: BRO, CHI, EXP, FAD, FAT, FCH, MAD, MCH, MOT, TEA, UNK
Total utterances: 7452
Summary sentences: 241
Compression ratio: 30:1

============================================================
NARRATIVE SUMMARY
============================================================

The mother and The child had disagreements about Illinois, Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Albert, Graeme.

The father and The child had disagreements about Julia.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Daniel.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Habitat, Helene.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Jerry, Julia.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Julia's, Julia.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Cheerios, Cheerio.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Graeme, Julia's.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Dan, Graeme.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Danny, Dan.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Danny, Tomasina's.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Tomasina, Gabriel.

The mother and FAD had disagreements about Gabriel, Dan.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Gabriel, Mr.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Dan, Graeme.

The mother and FAD had disagreements about Copaya, Gabe.

The mother and FAD had disagreements about October, Copoya's.

The mother and FAD had disagreements about Spider, Rube.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Graeme, Diane's.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Christopher, Meike.

Another child and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Matthew, Tony.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Gabriella, Rachael.

The teacher and FAD had disagreements about Lisa's, Zoe.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Gabriella.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Gabriella, Dan.

The mother and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Lenita's, Jill.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about Julie, Lenita.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Gabriel, Robbie.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Lenita's, Lenita.

FAD and Another child had disagreements about Matthew, Lucy.

The investigator and The child asked and discussed questions about Meike, Julie.

The child and Another child asked and discussed questions about Greg, Spider_man.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Robbie, Gregory.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Gabriel, Gabriella.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Zoe, Perri.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Dino's, Gabriel.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Moore.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Steven, Missus.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Sarah, Julia's.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Robbie's, Lenita's.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Kanate, Lostada.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Tony's, Dino.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Tony, Bernice.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Tony, Asher.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Tony, Sarah.

Another child and The child had disagreements about various topics.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Asher, Gabe.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Asher.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Julie.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about Gabriella, Christopher.

Another child and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Chris, Sarah.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Gabriella, Robbie.

The child and Another child worked on getting ready, preparing Gabriella, Julie.

The child and Another child asked and discussed questions about Gabriella, Christopher.

The child and Another child had disagreements about I'd, Greg.

The child and Another child had disagreements about various topics.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Tony, Willem.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Debbie, Frankenstein.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Asher's, Tony's.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Gabriel, Ashers.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about Joey, Joey's.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Gabriel, Tony.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Robbie's, Gabriella.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Julie, Bernice.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Zoe, Julie.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Meike.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Johann, Tony.

The child and Another child asked and discussed questions about Julie, Julia.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Chris, Bernice.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Dino, Matthew.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Steven, Gabriel.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Gregory, Steven.

Another child and Someone asked and discussed questions about Matthew's, Gregory.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about Spider, Gregory's.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about Steven, Robbie.

Another child and Someone had disagreements about Willim's, Debbie.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Bernice, Julia's.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Greg, Gabriel.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Greg, Gabriel.

The mother and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Daniel.

The brother and The mother asked and discussed questions about Julia.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about Daniel, Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Julia, Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Daniel, Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Julia.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Julia.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Graeme's, Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Mexico, Africa.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Julia, Graeme.

The mother and The child watched and discussed television shows, mentioning Daniel.

The child and The brother asked and discussed questions about Graeme.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Daniel, Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Laurel_and_Hardy, Chaplin.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Hifi, Daniel.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about New, Daniel.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Julia.

The brother and The investigator had disagreements about Daniel, Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Dan.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about Daniel, Graeme.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about various topics.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Dan, Julia.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about Chip, Daniel.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Dan, Julia.

The mother and The child discussed school and academics, Debbie, Julia.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about Daniel.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Danny's, Daniel.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Floridas, Daniel.

The mother and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Graeme's, Daniel.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning I'd.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Brooklyn, Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Danny, Julia.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Daniel, Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about various topics.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Frere, Jacques.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Tina, Marion.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Daniel, Florida.

The mother and The father had disagreements about Daniel, Fredrickson.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Deb, Julia.

The mother and The brother discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Julia.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Julia, Graeme's.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Julia, Danny's.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Debbie, Daniel.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Danny, Dan.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Danny, Julia.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about Quohoque, Dan.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about Danny.

The mother and The father had disagreements about Daniel, Julia.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about Julia, El.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Mickey_Mouse, Daniel.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Graeme.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Danny, Julia.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about various topics.

The mother and The investigator expressed care and affection toward Jared, Julia.

The investigator and The father discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Elliot, Africa.

The father and The child had disagreements about El, Ford.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Nixon.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about New, York.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Danny, I'd.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about Daniel, Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Julie, Daniel's.

The mother and The brother discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Danny, Daniel.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Danny, Florida.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Danny, Daniel.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Danny, Charlie's.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Charlie.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about El, Marilyn.

The mother and The father discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Helene.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Claus, Santa.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Julia, Elliot.

The child and The mother discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Danny, David.

The father and The child had disagreements about Helene.

The mother and The father had disagreements about Daniel, Helene.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Helene.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Danny, Cheerios.

The mother and The father had disagreements about I'd, Helene.

The father and The brother had disagreements about Cheerios.

The brother and The child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The father had disagreements about various topics.

The father and The child had disagreements about Jared, Danny.

The father and The child had disagreements about Danny, Jared.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about May, Jack.

The child and The mother had disagreements about various topics.

The father and The child had disagreements about May.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Danny, Jeff's.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Sam, Daniel.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Dinah.

The child and The mother expressed care and affection toward Jack, Jill.

The mother and The child discussed the recording equipment and Danny, Dan.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Jack, Jill.

The father and The brother had disagreements about Danny.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about Julia.

The father and The brother had disagreements about El, Daniel.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Jack, Jill.

The father and The child had disagreements about Danny, Julia.

The child and The brother worked on getting ready, preparing Michael, Cinderella.

The father and The child had disagreements about Snow, White.

The mother and The father asked and discussed questions about Julie, Emmitt.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Emmitt's, Julie.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Julie, Emmitt.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Emmitt.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Emmitt's, Francaise.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about Mom, Mr.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Emmitt, Julia.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Juliette, Emmitt.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Juliette, Murray.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Danny, Cheerios.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Holly's, Hollys.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Emmitt, Julia.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Robert, Graeme.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Juice, Beard.

The child and The mother had disagreements about I'd, Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Daniel's.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning various topics.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Juice, Pop.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Julia.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Peter, Graeme.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Debbie, Daniel.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Julia, Otto.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Daniel, Otto's.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Julia, Daniel.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Danny, Peter.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Bambi, Daniel.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Bambi, Chip.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Bambi.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Bambi's, Bambi.

The mother and The brother asked and discussed questions about Bambi.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Bambi, Edna.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Bambi, Falline.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Peter, Hawaii.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Peter, Neverland.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Danny, Hershey.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Danny, Dan.

The mother said, "what we did with the ball of string ?."

The mother said, "alright , I'll see if there's something else , ."

The mother said, "so anyway as secretaries are won't to do , she must have mad."

The teacher said, "whose name is not up on here ?."

Someone said, "two crackers ."

Another child said, "don't play ."

The teacher said, "they might be in the closet ."

The teacher said, "probably a piece of a length of a rug ."

Another child said, "no she didn't ."

The mother said, "yeah , they're not going in mommy's mouth ."

The child said, "for everybody ."

The investigator said, "no please !."

The brother said, "why did you give us ?."

The mother said, "how does Debbie light the little stove they do the cooking o."

The brother said, "I want some more french fries ."

The mother said, "here's a couple of cookies from the party ."

The mother said, "together ."

The child said, "why Roseanne ?."

The mother said, "oh , it changes ."

The child said, "and , but grape juice beard knows a little bit about he know."

The child said, "then do half of it ."

The child said, "and then they got the do the they can they can choose out an."