Session: kag
Situation: before bed
Participants: BRO, CHI, EXP, FAD, FAT, FCH, GRO, MAD, MCH, MOT, TEA, UNK
Total utterances: 7421
Summary sentences: 232
Compression ratio: 31:1

============================================================
NARRATIVE SUMMARY
============================================================

The child and The mother had disagreements about Karen.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Karen.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Lonnie.

The child and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning various topics.

The mother and The child discussed school and academics, Karen, Graeme.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Karen.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Mchale's, I'd.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Underdog's, Karen.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Karen.

The mother and The child had disagreements about various topics.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Dedi, Yvette.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Elizabeth.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Yvette, Forguarda.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Karen, Lisa.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Marie, Anne.

Another child and The mother had disagreements about Clifford, Marie.

Another child and The teacher worked on getting ready, preparing Pablo, Winston.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Pablo, Marie.

Another child and The teacher played and had fun with Pablo, Clifford's.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Roy, Pablo's.

Another child and The teacher expressed care and affection toward various topics.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Pablo, Clifford.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Pablo, Shaleen.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Pablo, Shirleen.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Beck's, Michael.

Another child and The teacher expressed care and affection toward Marie, Beck.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Pablo, Michael.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Marie, Papo.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Jackie, Michael.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Marie, Pablo.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Marie, Clifford.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Markey's, Markey.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about Marie, Anne.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Brooklyn, Andrew.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Henry.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Missus, Michael.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Marie, Michael.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Marie, Anne.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Brodie's, Michael.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Marie, Anne.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Marie, Fryer.

The teacher and Another child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Elizabeth, Karen.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Deedee, Elizabeth.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Karen.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Karen, Lisa.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about David, Elizabeth.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about David, Deedee.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Cheong, Karen.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Karming, Lenora.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Samantha, Deedee.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Vernon, Jack.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Elizabeth, Chi.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Nancy, Elizabeth.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Suzanne, Karen.

The teacher and Another child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Man, Peng.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Suzanne, Elizabeth.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Man_Peng, Chi.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Suzanne, Elizabeth.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Elizabeth, Karen.

The teacher and Another child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Elizabeth, Man_Peng.

Another child and The teacher expressed care and affection toward Suzanne, Elizabeth.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Gloria, Jerry.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Elizabeth, William.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Michael's, Elizabeth.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Elizabeth, Marie.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Karen, Elizabeth.

Another child and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning various topics.

Another child and The child had disagreements about various topics.

Another child and The teacher played and had fun with David.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Chi, Deedee.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Michael, Justina.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Deedee, Michael.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Deedee, Karen.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Deedee.

Another child and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Aquaman, Chi.

Another child and The child worked on getting ready, preparing David, Deedee.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Joycey, Ronnie.

Another child and The child had disagreements about David.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Chi, Karen.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Michael.

Another child and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Deedee, Michael.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Chi, Yan's.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Clifford, David.

Another child and The investigator had disagreements about Brodie.

Another child and The investigator had disagreements about Michael, Karen.

Another child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Charles, Peter.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Karen, Robert.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Karen.

The child and Another child watched and discussed television shows, mentioning Suzy, Karen.

The child and Another child worked on getting ready, preparing David, Lisa.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Jesus, Karen's.

Another child and The child played and had fun with Michael.

Another child and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Lena.

Another child and The child worked on getting ready, preparing various topics.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Michael, Lisa.

The child and Another child had a conversation about various topics.

The child and Another child expressed care and affection toward David, Deedee.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Deedee, Karen.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Karming.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Cheong, Karen.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about William, Karen.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Cheong, Lisa's.

The teacher and The child discussed money and coins, talking about Cheong, William.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Karen, Karming.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about William, Karen.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about William, Cinderella.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Thanksgiving.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about William, Karen.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Karming.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Ma, Karen.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about William, Karen.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about Karen.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Elizabeth, Karming.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about various topics.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Lionel, Elizabeth.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about Elizabeth, Karen.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Karen, Pigery.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Persnickery, Pigery.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about Kathleen.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Oliver_otter, David.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Thomas, David.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Karen's, David.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Henry, Henrietta.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Dedi, Karen.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Chi, Yan.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Chi, Yan's.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about various topics.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about William, Willoughby.

The investigator and The father asked and discussed questions about Karen.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about King, Kong.

The child and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Graeme.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about I'd, Karen.

The child and The investigator discussed money and coins, talking about various topics.

The child and The investigator expressed care and affection toward various topics.

The child and The investigator discussed the recording equipment and various topics.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Jesus.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Karen, Graeme.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Bo, Peep.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Karen.

The mother and The investigator worked on getting ready, preparing Karen's, Bobby.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Henry.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Ma, Karen.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Brodie, Karen.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Jeremy.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Elizabeth, Karen.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Karen, Johnson's.

The child and The father had disagreements about Graeme.

The father and The investigator had disagreements about Mickey.

The mother and The father had disagreements about Lucy, Mickey.

The child and The father had disagreements about Samantha.

The father and The child asked and discussed questions about Madam, Catalou.

The father and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Karen, Graeme.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Missus.

The child and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning David.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Glenn.

The mother and The father had disagreements about Howard, Karen.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Karen, Diane.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Diana.

The mother and The father had disagreements about Karen.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Michael, Diana.

The child and The mother had disagreements about various topics.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Karen.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Karen, Graeme.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Karen.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Michael, Karen.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Ma, Christ's.

The child had disagreements about various topics.

The child had disagreements about Dedi, Karen.

The child and The father had disagreements about Karen, Graeme.

The child and The father had disagreements about Graeme's, Karen.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Graeme.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Ma.

The child and The father discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Flintstone.

The child and The father had disagreements about Flintstone, Joey.

The child and The mother worked on getting ready, preparing Jjay, Karen.

The child and The father expressed care and affection toward Jjay, Graeme.

The child and The father expressed care and affection toward Jjay.

The child and The father had disagreements about various topics.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Jjay, Goodtimes.

The child and The father asked and discussed questions about Karen, Goodtimes.

The child asked and discussed questions about Karen.

The child and The investigator worked on getting ready, preparing various topics.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Karen, Graeme.

The child and The father had disagreements about Brooklyn, Snoopys.

The mother and The father discussed eating and snacking, mentioning I'd.

The father and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Christ's, Suzanne.

The mother and The father discussed school and academics, Brodie, Samantha.

The father and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Karen.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Karen, Graeme's.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Henry, Karen.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Rene, Brodie.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child said, "when is it gonna talk ?."

The mother said, "you have lipstick on ."

The child said, "my ears !."

The teacher said, "the little one or the big one ?."

Another child said, "cut it out with scissors ."

The teacher said, "why don't you sit down too ?."

Another child said, "are you hear me ?."

Another child said, "she don't want milk !."

Another child said, "can I give this seed to the guinea pg ?."

Another child said, "sometimes it ."

The child said, "ah , haha , haha ."

Another child said, "Lisa , come on !."

Another child said, "well go ahead ."

The teacher said, "see if she will go with you ?."

Another child said, "he's gonna take care of her !."

The teacher said, "and what are all these things in its body ?."

The teacher said, "okay Karen , what do you see on this page ?."

The teacher said, "okay , that's very good ."

Another child said, "what are you doing in my way ."

The teacher said, "what was making her happy ?."

The child said, "you my apple bird ?."

The father said, "join us !."

The mother said, "Karen we can't plug it in now ."

The investigator said, "yeah , that's a , that's annoying when you do something like."

The investigator said, "no , just leave them on the table , it's okay ."

The child said, "no , next to you ."

The mother said, "that's all ."

The child said, "would they ?."

The child said, "it's thunder ."

The child said, "Graeme the !."

The mother said, "an egg cream ."

The child said, "I like that toothpaste ."

The child said, "one two three four ."

The mother said, "he'd run away ."

The child said, "you can get a tummy ache ?."

The mother said, "they fall off ."

The child said, "we balancing !."