Session: kif
Situation: before bed
Participants: BRO, CHI, EXP, FAD, FAT, FCH, GRA, GRF, GRO, MAD, MCH, MOT, SIS, TCA, TEA, TEL, UNK
Total utterances: 8088
Summary sentences: 259
Compression ratio: 31:1

============================================================
NARRATIVE SUMMARY
============================================================

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Hi_c, Hi.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about Chip, Hi_c.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about Ma, Jack.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about various topics.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Carl.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Kip.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Chip.

The investigator and The child discussed the recording equipment and Ma, Chip.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about various topics.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Redford, Jeremy.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about various topics.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Meyer's, Mr.

The mother and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Carl, Kip.

The mother and The child had disagreements about various topics.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about Kip.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about Chip.

The investigator and The child asked and discussed questions about Chip.

The investigator and The child asked and discussed questions about Kip, Chip.

The investigator and The child asked and discussed questions about Kip.

The investigator and The child asked and discussed questions about Kip, Thursday.

The investigator and The mother asked and discussed questions about Kip.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about Kip.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about Model, Mustang.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about Minnesota.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Kip.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Russia, Kip.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Nutter, Butter.

The mother and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Kip, I'd.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about Phillip, New.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about New, Jersey.

The mother and The investigator worked on getting ready, preparing A_and_P, Philadelphia.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about Kip, Philadelphia.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about Kip, Nevada.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Entenmann's.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Thomas, Entenmann's.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Ma.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Carl, Hi_c.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Nutter, Kip.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Kip, Chip.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Carl, Chip.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Carl.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Kip, Moe.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about New, Kip.

The mother and The investigator had disagreements about various topics.

The investigator and The mother expressed care and affection toward Virgo, Piscean.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about Pisces, Kip.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Kip.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Kip, Iuh.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Jason, Lissy.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Katie, Stephan.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Danny, Jonathan.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Kip, Colette.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Kip.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about various topics.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Alice, I'd.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Kip, David.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about Kip, David's.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Jason, Mary.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Jason, Samuel.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Kip, Jason.

The child and The teacher had disagreements about Justin, Kip.

The child and The mother had disagreements about October, Kip.

The child and The teacher had disagreements about Kip.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Lexy, Kip.

Another child and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Adam.

Another child and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Katie, Jonathan.

The child and Another child asked and discussed questions about Trevor's.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Alice, Robin.

TCA and Another child expressed care and affection toward Katie, Jonathan.

Another child and TCA had disagreements about I'd, Mimi.

TCA and Another child had disagreements about Kriegler's, Kip.

TCA and Another child had disagreements about Kip, Jonathan.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Katie, Mcdonald.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Katie, Trevor's.

Another child and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Lisi, Alexander.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Kip, Alexander.

Another child and The teacher discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Kip, Jason.

The child and Another child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Jason.

The child and The mother expressed care and affection toward Eddie.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Colette.

The child and Another child had disagreements about various topics.

The investigator and Another child asked and discussed questions about Ma, Jonathan.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Laney, Jason.

Another child and The teacher had disagreements about Laney.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Stephan, Jason.

The child and Another child asked and discussed questions about Sammer, Kip.

Another child and The child expressed care and affection toward Ellie, Eddie.

The child and Another child asked and discussed questions about Gracie, Eddie.

Another child and The child had disagreements about various topics.

The child and Another child had disagreements about Kip, Ford.

Another child and The child had disagreements about Kip, Eddie.

Another child and The child asked and discussed questions about Kip, Colette.

The child and FAD asked and discussed questions about Eddie.

FAD and The child asked and discussed questions about Johnathan.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Ginsberg, Jonathan.

The child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Kip.

The child and The teacher had disagreements about Lissy, Kip.

The child and The teacher worked on getting ready, preparing Jason.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Stephan, David.

TCA and Another child asked and discussed questions about Adam.

Another child and TCA asked and discussed questions about Alexander, Polette.

Another child and TCA asked and discussed questions about Kip, Adam.

TCA and Another child worked on getting ready, preparing Alice, Mary.

Another child and A group member had disagreements about various topics.

TCA and Another child asked and discussed questions about Colette.

TCA and Another child had disagreements about Kip.

TCA and Another child asked and discussed questions about Kip, Johnathan.

TCA and Another child asked and discussed questions about Spider, Danny.

TCA and Another child asked and discussed questions about Jason, Alicia.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Mickey_mouse.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Jonathan, Lisa.

Another child and The teacher played and had fun with I'd, Jonathan.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Jonathan, MacDonald.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Super.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Stephan, Joe.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Kip, Stephen.

The teacher and Another child had disagreements about Jonathan, Mimi.

Another child and The teacher asked and discussed questions about Marley, Ginsberg.

The teacher and Another child worked on getting ready, preparing David, Kip.

The teacher and The child asked and discussed questions about Ginsberg, Kathy.

The teacher and Another child asked and discussed questions about Ginsberg, Mimi.

The child and The teacher worked on getting ready, preparing Kip.

The teacher and The child had disagreements about Vivian, Ford.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Laney, Phil.

The investigator and The child asked and discussed questions about Kipper.

The child and The mother worked on getting ready, preparing Mom, Carl.

The child and The mother had disagreements about various topics.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about New, York.

The investigator and The child expressed care and affection toward various topics.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Kipper, Kip.

The investigator and The child asked and discussed questions about Carl, Hi.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about Hi_c, Hi.

The mother and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Chip, Kip.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Kip, Chip.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Fleischman's, Hi.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Ma, University.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about Kip, Chip.

The child and The mother expressed care and affection toward Kip, Chip.

The mother and The child worked on getting ready, preparing Santa, Kip's.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Ma, BAltmann.

The investigator and The child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Kip.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Jacque, Boston.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Chip, Kip.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Kip, Ford.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Peter, Philadelphia.

The mother and The brother had disagreements about Chip, Puerto.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Kip, Chip.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Chip.

The mother and The child expressed care and affection toward various topics.

The child and The investigator expressed care and affection toward Chip.

The mother and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning various topics.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Allah, Jack.

The investigator and The mother expressed care and affection toward Kip.

The brother and The investigator asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Kip, Leroy.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Kip.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Jim, Feliciano.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Jackie, Ford.

The child and The mother worked on getting ready, preparing Tony, Tony's.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Chip, Kip.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Kip, Chip.

The child and The brother had disagreements about Chip.

The child and The brother had disagreements about Kip, Chip.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Chip, Mr.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Kip, Kipsy.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Hi_c, Hi.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Kip.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Kip.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Jason, Kriegler.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Jason, Kriegler.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Batman.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Kipper, Ma.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Kip, Manachevets.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about I'd.

The child and The investigator expressed care and affection toward Kip, Chip.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Carl, Kip.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Carl, Kip.

The investigator and The mother had disagreements about Kip, Kip's.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Carl, Chip.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Kip's.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Carl.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Kip, Chip.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Carl.

The mother and The brother worked on getting ready, preparing Carl, Chip.

The investigator and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Carl, Chip.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Adam, Mr.

The mother and The investigator expressed care and affection toward Kip.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Eddie, Mac.

The child and The mother worked on getting ready, preparing Phillip, Chip.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Eddie, Sockum.

The child and The mother discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Zinger, Chip.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Zinger.

The child and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning various topics.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Bectue, Tomie.

The investigator and The child had disagreements about Bo, Peep.

The child and The brother had disagreements about various topics.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about various topics.

The child and The mother had disagreements about Kip.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about Kip, April.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Hi, Kip.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about Chip.

The mother and The child discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Kip.

The child and The mother discussed eating and snacking, mentioning various topics.

The child and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Chip.

The child and The investigator discussed eating and snacking, mentioning Kip.

The television and The child asked and discussed questions about Albert, O'reilly.

The child and The mother asked and discussed questions about I'd, Harvey's.

The mother and The child had disagreements about I'd, Harvey's.

The child and The mother had disagreements about James.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Albert, James.

The mother had disagreements about James.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Harvey's, I'd.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about London, Albert.

The mother and The child had disagreements about Albert, Square.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Al, Zach.

The mother and The child asked and discussed questions about Zachary, Ames.

The child and The investigator had disagreements about James.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Kip, James.

The child and The investigator asked and discussed questions about Chip.

The child said, "mommy what kind what kind a cookies shall I get ?."

The mother said, "pick it up ."

The mother said, "you ready ?."

The child said, "chip did his thing mom ."

The investigator said, "no I was looking forward to it ."

The investigator said, "yeah if if I can I'm just gonna leave Bill a note and say ."

The mother said, "well I wanna get some for chip ."

The mother said, "you really ."

The mother said, "his a tricycle in his room ."

Another child said, "I could hold on to john's hand ."

The teacher said, "does everybody see ?."

Another child said, "almost every day I never get to pass out ."

Another child said, "I do like these ?."

TCA said, "here okay let's hear if we can try this sound ."

The child said, "I'm making a jungle too ."

Another child said, "big tough ."

FAD said, "what'd you paint the other time ?."

Another child said, "wait you always say the same thing everyday mommy ."

The teacher said, "and my daddy ."

The mother said, "because oh just no way we're gonna be able to live in a worl."

The child said, "I want , I had I had enough ."

The investigator said, "is Santa Claus your buddy ?."

The investigator said, "so sound just bouncing all over the room ."

The mother said, "chip will let you use them ."

The mother said, "ice tea ?."

The investigator said, "we've been recording ."

The investigator said, "well it's not like this light ."

The investigator said, "whoops don't fall ."

The mother said, "so we hadta , you know , turn it off , ."

The child said, "it's a it's a it's a tiger ."

The child said, "no you guess this oh you guessed ."

The child said, "mm mommy put some butter on this ?."

The television said, "good old O'reilly , on the force almost thirty years and nev."

The child said, "just as_soon_as you can do what ?."

The investigator said, "let's turn the page maybe we'll find out oh it doesn't give."