Session: ded
Situation: before bed
Participants: BRO, CHI, EXP, FAD, FAT, FCH, GRO, MCH, MOT, TCA, TEA, TEL, UNK
Total utterances: 5083
Summary sentences: 287
Compression ratio: 18:1

============================================================
NARRATIVE SUMMARY
============================================================

The session began early in the morning as the family prepared for the child's school day.

The child asked his mother about a "crazy thing" on his back, describing it like a musical box.

The mother warned him it was windy outside and he would need to wear a coat because it might be chilly.

The mother wondered aloud why they never see Uncle Winston, who lives near Granddaddy.

A bus went by outside, prompting the child to ask who Winston was.

The mother explained that Uncle Winston was their uncle who lived up near Granddaddy.

The child noticed a microphone and asked what it was, marveling at it.

The father identified the antenna on the microphone.

The child puzzled over the antenna and the microphone's purpose.

The child asked about an object he found, and the mother revealed it was a dancing bear.

The entire family expressed excitement about the dancing bear, with the child and mother both saying "fantastic" repeatedly.

The mother mentioned it was "celebration time" after the previous day's event.

The father asked about the dancing bear, noting it was "from the thing yesterday."

The child revealed that "somebody gave them out" at school.

The father asked who gave them out.

The child couldn't remember the girl's name but mentioned "Sarah," then dismissed her as "cuckoo."

The child explained that the girl definitely wasn't Jewish.

The father said the person who gave them out "must have been jewish."

The child insisted she wasn't Jewish.

The father asked who gave out the items.

The child said he didn't know her name.

The child revealed they had a celebration at school.

The father asked what happened at the celebration.

The child reported they had "cup cakes and the cookies."

The father asked what they talked about.

The child said they just talked about "how the lady baked them they wanted."

The child specified "the recipe" was what they wanted.

The father asked if the cakes were as good as mommy's.

The child said his mother's were better than the school's.

The mother mentioned she didn't want the wind to blow her wig off, so she had something on her head.

The child suggested she should put something on her boots so she could "flip it on easy."

The mother asked what the child had.

The child said something white was around somewhere.

The mother asked if the child ate something "freaky."

The child confirmed he might have and mentioned "one of the freaky kids would spill one."

The mother introduced the investigator, asking "what is your name again, sir?"

The investigator responded his name was Carl.

The mother told the investigator, "Dexter has lost two teeth since you saw him."

The investigator asked what happened.

The mother told the child to tell the investigator what he was doing when he lost those teeth.

The child said, "I went to the dentist."

The mother corrected him, saying they know how the teeth came out and asked what he was doing.

The child said he was "fighting" with his brother.

The child described the incident: "we were in the little room" and "he had my hands tied behind my back, and he threw me into the living room."

The child noted that even though he was thrown, "it didn't hurt a bit."

The mother asked more specifically what he was doing.

The mother revealed the child "fell on your face."

The child admitted he "cried a little bit."

The mother explained that the fall "knocked your teeth loose and you hadta go to the dentist and get them taken out."

The mother added reassuringly, "thank goodness they weren't your permanent teeth."

The child insisted that "only one" was his permanent tooth.

The mother corrected him: "one came out that night and one came out two days later."

The mother joked, "and now you're toothless."

The child said, "yeah, but I didn't want anymore to come out."

The child explained "because it hurts when they come out."

The child resolved "the next time I'm just gonna let them fall out."

The investigator asked how long it takes to walk to school.

The mother answered "about three to four minutes."

The mother explained "it's right across the street."

The child contradicted her, saying "no not right across the street."

The investigator mentioned he was "about to run out of tape."

The mother said they could wait while he changed it.

The investigator explained changing tapes takes a couple of minutes.

The mother mentioned they had gotten to school at various times: "nine o'clock, nine five, nine ten, nine twenty."

The investigator confirmed he understood they would hold.

The mother told the investigator "you let us know when you're ready, and I'll just unzip Dexter."

The investigator said "okay."

The mother noted "we're early today."

The child referenced something from the television: "Simon says."

The investigator asked why the child's name was Simon.

The child corrected him: "my name isn't Simon."

The child said he heard a story about a boy named Simon.

The child explained Simon "starts saying Simon says" whenever he wants something to happen.

The father asked about a drawing, asking what it was.

The child identified it as "a taperecorder."

The father asked if the tape recorder was different from the one they have.

The child confirmed "yeah" it was different.

The father said "it's not time yet" and "it's not time to go yet."

The child wanted to go inside because he was getting ready.

The father warned he would be "too warm in this inside" and would "get a cold" when going outside.

The child argued "no I won't" and "it's chilly in here."

The father disagreed, saying "it is not chilly in here."

The father asked if they were watching Captain Kangaroo.

The child said no.

The father suggested they turn to Captain Kangaroo.

The child asked what day it was.

The father asked "what's gonna happen in school today?"

The child said he didn't know yet.

The father asked if the child had finished his Lego.

The child said yes.

The father asked "did you do a lego?"

The child confirmed he did.

The father asked about a car in a picture.

The father explained "those are the kind of cars that your granddaddy had, the old fashioned ones."

The father identified them as "Model T Fords."

The father said "Granddaddy had one."

The child said "that kind is heavy."

The father confirmed "they are very heavy."

The child joked "I bet the six million dollar man can't lift one of those things up."

The child revised his guess: "I bet the six million dollar man can't bend one of those."

The investigator asked "can you pick one of those up?"

The child said "I like him" referring to the six million dollar man.

The investigator asked if the child watches the six million dollar man all the time.

The child made a nonsensical comment about "silly putty is made by eggs."

The father asked him to clarify who made it.

The child repeated "eggs."

The father commented about "pretty old man to be jumping rope."

The child agreed "he's heavy look!"

The investigator questioned why the man would jump with the rope behind him instead of in front.

The child asked "why don't he jump pull the rope in front of him so he could see what he was doing?"

The father pointed to bicycles in the picture.

The child asked if his father had a bike like that.

The father said his front wheel wasn't nearly as big.

The child tried to ask something about his father's bicycle but got confused.

The father explained he had a "nice" one.

The child mentioned "a buggy."

The father corrected him: "baby carriage."

The father said "I made those."

The investigator said he couldn't do that.

The father said they used to get hoops off barrels.

The father said "daddy made a wagon like that one day."

The child suggested his brother could pull the father, making him "Rudolf the red nosed reindeer."

The father said "uncle buddy would pull or push me."

The investigator said he got a contact lens at a store on 116th Street.

The father said they were "a little higher" in price at that location.

The investigator said he paid a dollar ninety five elsewhere.

The father explained all those stores stay open for Columbia students.

The investigator confirmed they're open all night.

The father said the prices are "a few pennies higher" than elsewhere.

The child mentioned his hat was "floppy."

The father said the child shouldn't have it on until it's time to go.

The child insisted "it was fine to go!"

The mother asked if the father let all the air in.

The father said yes, he was "airing out the house."

The mother asked if he was airing out the house.

The father said yes, "before we go."

The mother said the father could close the window.

The child begged "don't close the window I'm gonna look."

The child asked "what's going on out there?"

The mother told the child to get his coat, hat, scarf, and bag together.

The mother told him to take out anything left in the bag from yesterday.

The child said he was "taking everything that I took yesterday."

The investigator asked what the child took yesterday.

The child said "everything not any thing."

The investigator reminded the child that toys aren't supposed to be taken to school.

The child said he was looking for "a very special card."

The investigator asked what was so special about it.

The child said "because it's on a tv show and I love it."

The child added sadly "they took it off I hate it."

The investigator told the child to turn around so he could pin something on him.

The investigator warned "I don't wanna stick you, okay?"

The child tried to throw a ball in a basket.

The investigator asked where the basket was.

The child threw two balls.

The investigator joked "are you Wilt Chamberlain?"

The child proudly announced "I went to see the Harlem globe trotters!"

The father noted the basketball hoop was "down entirely too low."

The child disagreed that it was too low.

The father said "I'm afraid you may break that."

The child insisted "I'm not gonna break it!"

The father warned that if the child breaks the toy, "daddy will hafta" get another one.

The child asked "when can I ever get a real basketball?"

The child showed off his collection: "I got a real football!"

The child added "I got a real football but I don't know how to play foot ball."

The child continued "and I got a real tennis racket, and I got a real basketball bat."

The child asked "where's the real baseball bat?"

The father mentioned a baseball bat is "in front of daddy's office."

The father mentioned "the skating rink down by my office."

The father explained "they are getting ready for the bicentennial."

The child asked "what is the bicentennial."

The father explained "that's the celebration of the century's birthday years."

The father showed the child where "Rockefeller center, see?"

The father said "they are putting up flags all around all the flags from the united nations."

The father confirmed "that's the skating rink."

The father asked if the child remembered the skating rink.

The child asked his father "when you go to work today can you go down there and look?"

The father said "yes, in fact, I think I will go over to see it."

The mother asked "what's going on?"

The child said "they're gonna put up the flag of the united nations."

The mother asked "today?"

The child said "yeah."

The father confirmed they're "putting up flags for the bicentennial."

The father noted "there's always a celebration going on there."

The mother said "it's early isn't it?"

The mother told the child to keep tissues in his pocket.

The mother asked which pocket the child had.

The child said "I got a loose pocket in my jacket."

The mother said she would "roll them up so in case anything comes up you'll have these handy."

The mother said "okay I think we better get ready."

The mother told the child "okay deck get your coat on."

The mother asked "did you get your scarf?"

The mother noted the child "did not get scarf, Dexter."

The child said "so what I didn't get my scarf."

The mother insisted "you do need the scarf."

The mother explained "it maybe a bit chilly."

The mother asked "where is it?"

The mother found her own scarf, saying "this one's mine."

The mother asked "where's your yellow scarf?"

The mother said "David was wearing that yellow scarf this morning."

The mother asked if the child wanted to wear a different scarf.

The child said the scarf was "too long!"

The mother found the child's bag.

The mother asked if the child had his bag.

The father said "here it is."

The child said "I know but I, I'm not gonna put it on until later."

The child agreed "okay I'll put it on now."

The investigator said "okay my good man."

The investigator told the mother "oh Missus davenport I'm ready if you are."

The mother said "yeah" and "I think we are ready."

The mother warned the child about going outside into the wind.

The child protested "it is not it's it's not."

The mother insisted "yes it is."

The mother warned "you wait until you get out there."

The child mimicked his mother: "yeah you wait until you get out there."

The mother added "it'll blow you away."

The child boasted "you'll see it can't blow me a away."

The child amended his statement: "might blow me across the street but it won't blow me away!"

The mother told the child "get your gloves."

The child asked about the wind.

The investigator confirmed he would carry all the stuff to the child's school, saying "sure am, yep gotta do it."

The child said "oh."

The investigator joked "I've been commissioned."

The child asked to throw everything "on my back."

The mother told the child "okay Dexter go turn off your tv before we go."

The father said "have fun."

The investigator said "oh yeah, it's always fun."

The mother said "I hope they gonna have a good lunch for you come on Dex."

The father said "okay Dex, see you boobie."

The child said "yeah."

The father told the child "take the string out of your mouth Dex."

The mother reminded the child he needed his shopping bag.

The child protested "I do not."

The mother said "yes you do."

The mother explained why: "because he changes to a different floor in the afternoon and they're sposta put their coats and things in this bag to go upstairs."

The mother told them to "let's take the stairs okay."

The child protested "but mom, that was the fast elevator."

The mother joked she might not be fast enough.

The investigator assured her he just needed "a little a little extra time before."

The mother told the child "knock it off Dexter!"

Outside they observed the weather.

The investigator commented "no it's very nice."

The mother noted "the sun is now on this side of the street."

The investigator asked "do you ever get any sun?"

The mother said "in the summer time" they get "a whole lot when we don't really need it."

The mother explained "in the winter it comes up on that side and because of where we're located Dexter can see the sun come up."

The mother said "we had this big explanation it's not really coming up, but the earth is sinking."

The mother wondered "when the sun is gonna get over there, so where is it now?"

The child said the sun was "over there" and "then it's going to come over here."

The mother asked "about what time will it get over here?"

The child said "lunch time!"

The mother said "maybe right yeah."

The child corrected her "not at lunch time."

The mother said "and this afternoon it'll be over here."

The child disagreed "no it won't remember when we come back the sun is gone."

The mother agreed "right, right it's gone."

The mother noted with daylight savings time "it might be."

The child observed "the sun can't be here in the night time."

The child said "we leave at the night time."

The mother corrected him "well we leave at evening time, and it's not gonna be as dark as it has been."

The mother told an anecdote: "when we got here yesterday a Columbia student was on his way with his notebook and the wind just took his notebook."

The mother continued "and blew it all down the street and his papers went up in the air and all down."

The investigator said "they went every where, huh?"

The mother sympathized "oh, the poor thing."

The child said the student "said it was alright, it was bad papers."

The mother noted "he said they were blank papers but I saw writing on those papers."

The mother speculated "he didn't want people to realize how bad" it was.

The mother said "we go in this way here."

The mother said "we take our short cut."

The child asked "what happens if our short cut is locked."

The mother warned if it was locked they would have to take a different route.

The child said "it is not" locked.

The mother told the child "Dexter don't be tricking."

The child repeated his question "I said what happens if it is locked!"

The mother said they would have to check the elevator to see where the class is.

The mother said "see if it's outside or if it's I see it stopped on one end so that may be a sign."

The child asked "do you know what the sign is?"

The mother thought the child was on "one end."

The child thought his class was "on two n."

The mother asked what was on "two n."

The child said "the office."

The mother said they would "hafta try one end first."

The mother said "that means the playground."

The mother warned "watch your fingers Dex."

The investigator noted "elevators are tricky sometimes."

The mother noted they hadn't "run into any of your gang yet."

The investigator said "on the way you mean."

The mother warned the child "don't touch it do not put your fingers near the door."

The mother asked "what did Mrs say?"

The child answered "she said no touching the buttons."

The mother extended the rule "that also goes for the door too."

The mother asked "where's are your gloves."

The child said "I can touch the buttons."

The mother repeated "where are your gloves."

The child said "I only have one."

The mother expressed frustration "oh, Dexter why did you tell me before you left?"

The child admitted "yeah" he only had one.

The mother asked "come on you're you really don't just have one."

The child confirmed "yeah" he did.

The mother exclaimed "you crazy kid!"

The mother asked "where is your other one?"

The child admitted "at home I left it there today."

The mother said "you did!"

The child said "I left it there everyday."

The mother didn't believe him, saying "no that does not seems right Dexter."

The mother said "you had your glove ah yesterday."

The mother decided "I'm gonna go upstairs and check and see if it's up there."

The mother said "good by."

The child said "by."

The mother told the investigator "I think Missus Muehler knows that you're coming."

The mother said "this you hafta take with you."

They arrived at the school building.

The child pointed out "they're standing under the, the great big statue!"

The father noted "that's daddy's office up there."

The mother noted "too bad it's not in color we could see the different colors of the flags better."

The father confirmed "all the flags from all the different countries are going up."

The father said "we'll hafta go down and see it afterwards."

The child said "that's a parade."

The father confirmed "yes."

The father explained "they are raising the flags Rockefeller center."

The father added "for a the bicentennial."

The child expressed disappointment: "I wish I wasn't there."

The father asked "you wish you what?"

The child clarified "wasn't there."

The father asked "was or wasn't."

The child said "wasn't."

The father asked "why?"

The mother said "well you're not."

The child said "because all those."

The child added "yeah and I hate I hate looking at those skinny hats."

The child pointed out "look!"

The father explained "that's a style hat, that's a major's hat."

The mother said "that's what he said last summer he wanted."

The father agreed "that's right and he loves that hat."

The mother warned "if daddy turns off the set then that really means we hafta go."

The child protested "don't turn off the tv!"

The father said "okay."

The father said "see you, tonight."

The child said "yeah, because I wanna be there, when they, when they put the flags up not after."

The father promised "yes, well, you'll see the flags up when you go down to daddy's office."

The child asked "when?"

The father said "one day I'll take you down there."

The child insisted "I don't wanna I wanna go today!"

The father said "well, that's not possible, see you tonight."

The mother said "see you later do something."

The child noted "daddy closed the door."

The mother told the child "right, well we suppose to be going."

The child disagreed "no we aren't."

The mother corrected "yes we are."

The child said "we supposed to be here."

The mother joked "oh, you are."

The mother noted "you're just saying that."

The mother said "oo there it is."

The mother told the investigator "I already lost one pair of gloves this winter this is another pair."

The child protested "I am not."

The mother said "yes" she did lose gloves.

The mother confessed "I I think I threw them in the trash can accidentally with the tissues in my pocket that's bad."

The investigator sympathized "well, it happens to all of us."

The mother lamented "yeah, but it's the second pair of gloves I've lost this winter."

The mother said the child hadn't warned her properly about the elevator.

The mother described an earlier observation: "one day we were on our way to some school and we saw one of the new experimental buses."

The investigator asked about it.

The mother described the bus: "a very low white bus, right?" with "a different kind of motor and the doors opened electrically."

The child remembered it had a "crazy sound."

The child described it "sounded like a flying saucer from outer space."

The mother agreed "it had a motor like an airplane."

The child imitated the sound "ku ku ku ku ku ku ku."

The mother said "it was bright creamish right?"

The child confirmed "right."

The mother marveled "it really looked like it was something from outer space it was a fantastic and carpet on the floor!"

The mother asked "right?"

The child agreed "yeah!"

The mother said "it was a nice bus."

The mother noted "it was white."

The child remembered it "had cards at the side at the top."

The mother reminded the child "you do not have your gloves."

The mother said she would deliver the child but then return with a pair of gloves.

The mother warned "I don't want you on the roof without your gloves."

The child agreed "okay."

The mother said one glove was in the bag but she didn't see the other one.

The child said "it's in my pocket!"

The child speculated "maybe it blew away one day."

The child suggested "or maybe it's still in my knapsack."

The mother asked "where's that?"

The child said "the thing hanging on the door?"

The child confirmed "yeah, my knapsack."

The mother resolved to check if the glove was there.

The child felt his pocket and said "nope I only feel."

The mother said "so_that means you have no glove."

The child corrected "one glove."

The child bragged "well, I'm good enough riding my bicycle with one hand."

The mother warned firmly "no, you will not steer the bicycle with one hand."

The child insisted "yes I will."

The mother promised "I will bring you back a pair of gloves."

The child suggested "just look in my knapsack and you'll find one."

The child added "if there's no more in my drawer."

The mother said "there's another pair there a pair of mittens."

The child protested "I don't want them."

The mother noted "there are lots a lot of there are lets of odd gloves."

The child pointed out "odd gloves."

The child observed "you keep the odd gloves longer than you do the ones that match."

The child added "the odd gloves you never loose, right?"

The mother said the first thing she would do is "make sine it's not in your cubby."

The child said "yippee!"

The child said "I gotta."

The child said "ah I don't get off at one."

The child protested "I don't need this Vaseline!"

The mother said she would give it to Mrs. Muehler.

They could see the school outside the window.

The child said "I can see them out there."

The mother said "oh, I can see Mrs Muehler."

They introduced themselves to the teacher.

The teacher asked if everyone had met Carl.

The teacher mentioned a new student teacher, Mrs. Agar.

The child called out to Kyle.

Another child asked why the child couldn't get through.

The child said "because."

Another child showed something to the child.

The child explained it belonged to his brother.

Another child said "alright I guess you can't."

The child called to Kyle asking him to "look at this!"

Another child asked what something was.

The child explained they didn't "hafta record."

Another child started singing "oh my darling."

The child asked to see what they had.

The investigator mentioned he wasn't getting a good recording.

Another child asked if the child got something fixed.

The child said "yeah" it was fixed.

The investigator confirmed "right" and identified other children: Kyle, Rutherford, and Randy.

Another child described how the child "talks in it and then tells you something."

The investigator noted the child "just talks."

Another child pointed out the device was "moving" and "it talks!"

The child said "sure it's moving slowly."

Another child asked "are you going to cathedral?"

The child said "yep."

Another child said "I am" and "I am too."

The child said "no, you aren't."

Another child insisted "uhhuh."

The child repeated his disagreement: "no you aren't."

Another child said whenever they talk "a red light goes on those antennas go."

The investigator noted "usually, sometimes it doesn't."

The child observed "sometimes it does."

Another child said "that's why you have two of them."

The child pointed out "I can make it stay down there!"

Another child asked "how?"

The child explained "by keep on talking."

The child explained the device has "microphones."

Another child asked "what's that?"

The child said "he's gonna listen to what I'm saying see."

The investigator asked "hey."

The child noted "he took them out."

Another child said "now he puts them in."

The child worried "I hope we don't hafta go crazy again this morning."

The investigator asked "did we ever go crazy Dexter?"

The child said "yeah."

The investigator corrected "we did not."

The child disagreed "we did so."

The investigator clarified "we were excited but we didn't go crazy."

The child described what he meant by "crazy": "we hadta go in in and out in and out in an out."

Another child asked "that's crazy?"

The child confirmed "yeah."

Another child asked about getting "a ride around the corner."

Children made excited sounds.

Another child's foot got stuck.

Another child said "help!"

Another child asked "did you see me?"

Another child said "ouch!"

The child said "you can get it out yourself."

Another child confirmed "okay I got it out."

The child asked what was happening.

The investigator said he had to "write down some things."

The investigator greeted another child: "hello, how are you Calvin?"

Another child called the recording device "a bomb."

The child asked if someone's device was fixed.

The investigator confirmed "uhhuh."

Another child insisted "that's a bomb."

The investigator corrected "no, a box."

Another child asked "what is inside?"

The investigator said "nothing."

The child said "nothing."

Another child asked "how do you know about it?"

The child explained "because this tape is inside there."

Another child asked about the tape.

The child pointed out "a great big tape is in there."

The investigator confirmed the tape was on.

The child said he saw it too.

Another child argued "you can not see it."

The child asked why the other child didn't have a recording device on his back.

Another child asked "where is Missus Kraus?"

Another child said "she's in a different class."

Another child said "she's our teacher."

Another child showed a gemstone: "look at that diamond!"

The child remarked "oh Jack look at that stone."

Another child said "no, that's crazy I like that diamond."

The investigator said "that's bad ain't it."

The child agreed "yeah."

The investigator noted something.

Another child said "Dexter's bad."

The child said "yeah I love it."

The child identified it as "a diamond."

Another child said "that's cool."

The child said "he bought it at the diamond stone."

The investigator corrected "actually, it's not a diamond."

The child asked "what is it?"

The child guessed "it's just a shiny rock, right?"

The investigator revealed "it's a blue sapphire."

Another child asked "what?"

Another child said "weird."

The child guessed "a blue a blue starfire right?"

The investigator explained how the sapphire shows light rays when light hits it.

The investigator described "little lines are coming out of the center part."

The investigator said "that gives it a star like effect."

Another child explained how to make fire with glass: "you could make a fire if you had some glass and you let the sun come through the glass and then it starts the fire."

The investigator asked "what kind of a glass do you needta do that?"

The investigator noted "you need a special kind."

Another child said "a magnifying."

The investigator confirmed "right" and explained the magnifying glass "takes the suns rays" and makes them "stronger, more intense in one particular area."

The investigator used the sapphire as an example, showing how light enters from all sides but exits concentrated.

The investigator explained if that concentration hit paper, it would "start a fire once the heat is high enough."

Another child mentioned learning this "from from program I mean."

The child told another child to "keep out of that pocket."

Another child asked "because what?"

The child said "because."

Another child argued "I'm not doing nothing."

The investigator listed the children's names.

Another child said their "daddy had those things."

Another child said "there aren't enough seats."

The child insisted "you can't save seats!"

Another child protested.

The teacher said "oh he's not doing anything."

The child disagreed "yes he yes he is."

The teacher contradicted the child: "no he's just resting his arm."

The teacher announced it was time for grace.

The group sang "rejoice rejoice, rejoice and and sing."

The child asked why the teacher didn't sing her own grace.

The teacher explained "your grace is the one that you know and everybody else knows."

Another child mentioned the drink was "pineapple."

The teacher confirmed "pineapple and orange juice."

Another child protested "yuck!"

Another child said "I don't want it."

Another child said "I want water."

Another child said "I'm not going to have either of these."

Another child said the snacks "taste stale."

Children made disgusted sounds.

The child identified it as "pineapple juice."

Another child said "I don't like it."

Another child said "I hate it."

The teacher offered them more.

The child joked about pineapple juice tasting "just like wine."

Another child said when they grow up they might not buy this juice.

The child said "you might like it you know?"

The teacher made a comment.

Another child questioned how the child knew the juice might taste good later.

The child observed you might "forget that you don't like it."

Another child said they didn't have juice.

The teacher asked if they wanted some.

The teacher checked if they had some already.

Another child said no.

The teacher invited them to get theirs.

The teacher noted there was "just a drop."

The teacher asked if they wanted more.

Another child said yes.

Another child made an approving sound.

Another child said no.

Another child said "don't look at this."

The teacher asked about seconds.

The teacher said "seconds left."

Another child asked "in the wastebasket?"

Another child said "uhuh in the sink!"

The teacher confirmed "in the sink."

The teacher warned "no!"

The teacher said "cmon."

Another child said "I don't have any crackers."

The child said "yeah, but it does go that way."

Another child asked "can I take them?"

Another child asked "do you want juice?"

The investigator said "yeah."

The child said "I don't want crackers."

Another child asked about coming back tomorrow.

The child confirmed "uhuh."

The investigator said "no" he won't be here anymore.

Another child asked if the investigator has school tomorrow.

The child said "uhuh."

The investigator said "no."

Another child asked if the investigator would work.

The investigator said "no, this is my work."

Another child said "you go to every school."

The investigator said "not every school."

Another child said "well almost every school."

The investigator disagreed "no."

The investigator asked to pass something.

Another child said "I only want for juice."

Another child said "you know we're allowed to have seconds?"

Another child said "I don't want crackers."

The investigator asked "you don't want the crackers?"

The child said "I want it!"

Another child said "no."

The investigator asked "can I have the crackers?"

The investigator explained "because I didn't get any."

Another child said "uhhuh you ate it."

The investigator protested "I did not I gave it to him."

The investigator said they would get more.

Another child said "oh!"

Another child said "you poured it all."

Another child asked "when I get some I'm gonna pour it on you."

The teacher told Dexter "we're not finished."

The teacher asked the child to "sit at the table."

The child said "I am finished."

The teacher said "yes, well, you sit with the others in a minute we'll be getting on."

Another child turned around.

Another child now had a book.

The child recognized the book: "Scrooge."

Another child said "that's my book!"

Another child said it was called "super buckin soup."

Another child said "we said grace!"

The investigator asked "did you all say grace?"

The child asked for help with the grace.

The investigator waited "a second."

The investigator asked "did you all say grace?"

Another child confirmed "we all said grace."

The investigator asked them to "say grace then and then you start with the juice."

Another child recited the grace: "god is good, god is great, and we thank you for our food."

The child asked Kyle to start the grace.

The investigator told the child to wait.

The investigator told the child "no, Dexter."

The child insisted "I start."

The investigator asked "why does it start on that side?"

Another child called the child a liar.

The investigator stopped them and asked again.

Another child said "the teacher usually starts."

The investigator explained "I could decide and Jonathan asked me first so I'm gonna let him start."

The child argued "yeah, but it does go that way."

The investigator said it would go that way.

Another child joked Jonathan could decide the order.

The investigator said Jonathan and they would "pass it this way."

The child insisted "but it does go, still go that way!"

The investigator told the child "no wait I just told you that I could decide."

The child said "yeah, but she starts."

The investigator said Jonathan asked first "so, I said he could."

The child said "because she's before Johnny!"

The investigator told them to go ahead and start.

Another child mentioned having no crackers.

The child confirmed "yeah, but it does go that way."

Another child asked about juice.

The investigator said "yeah."

The child said "I don't want crackers."

Another child asked about coming tomorrow.

The child said yes.

The investigator said no he wouldn't be back.

Another child mentioned being "gonna be last."

Another child asked if the child had school tomorrow.

The child said yes.

The investigator said "no."

Another child said the investigator "gotta go at work tomorrow."

The investigator said "no."

Another child asked if the investigator would work.

The investigator said "no."

Another child said "right?"

The investigator said "this is my work."

Another child noted "you go to every school."

The investigator corrected "not every school."

Another child said "almost every school."

Another child mentioned the investigator going back to Harlem.

The investigator said "pass it over this way, Randy."

Another child wanted juice.

Another child said they're "allowed to have seconds."

Another child didn't want crackers.

The investigator asked about the crackers.

The child said "I want it!"

Another child said "no."

The investigator asked to have the crackers.

The investigator explained he didn't get any earlier.

Another child accused him of eating it.

The investigator said "I did not I gave it to him."

Another child said "I didn't take those."

Another child offered juice.

The investigator said they would get more.

Another child said "you poured it all."

Another child said "what this?"

Another child mentioned pouring juice if they got some.

The investigator confirmed "I'm using it."

Another child demanded "more juice!"

The investigator told them "hold your horses."

The child pointed out "hey the microphone."

Another child said the child took it all.

Another child said "when I get it I ain't gonna give it to you."

Another child said "I'm gonna drink it all."

Another child said they didn't take it all.

Another child said "from him."

The investigator told them to wait.

Another child asked why the investigator didn't use the cup.

The investigator said "I'm using it."

The child said the microphone was involved.

Another child demanded more juice.

Another child said "we need more juice!"

Another child said "we didn't even has seconds!"

The investigator said "hold your horses."

The child called attention to the microphone.

Another child blamed the child for taking juice.

Another child said when they get it they won't share.

Another child said they would drink it all.

Another child didn't take it from the child.

Another child said "from him."

Another child asked "how can you give him if I'm his friend?"

Another child asked "give it to me."

The investigator told them to "wait a second."

Another child said "oh yeah."

Another child said "he gotta have some."

Another child wanted seconds.

Another child said "I want some seconds seconds I'm going to leave something."

Another child asked to save something.

The investigator asked if they wanted seconds.

Another child said "no, I don't."

Another child said they never had seconds.

The investigator noted "you might have taken a little too much Randy."

The child said "he did."

The investigator asked "is there anything left?"

Another child said "nope."

The investigator concluded "you guys took too much."

Another child said "here take this here there's some more."

Another child noted "there's some more in here."

The child asked to see it.

The investigator told the child to sit down.

The investigator asked "Randy, you keep it up and you're going out in the hall."

Another child said they had to go now.

The teacher announced "it is time to get dressed."

Another child mentioned the stairs would bring going-down-stair children.

The investigator asked if it was time.

The teacher confirmed it was time to get dressed.

The investigator asked permission to watch.

The teacher told children to "put it in the garbage."

The teacher said "it's time to go down."

The teacher warned "we are not going to have any trouble today."

The investigator greeted a student: "hi Libra how are you?"

A student asked if the investigator would be there tomorrow.

The investigator said "no, I won't be here any more."

The student asked "why?"

The student asked "you gotta go somewhere?"

The investigator said "I gotta go to other places."

The student asked "you're going to another school?"

The investigator said "uhhuh good luck."

The teacher thanked the investigator.

The teacher asked if the investigator would be back.

The investigator said "no."

The teacher said "okay."

The investigator said "okay, nice meeting you."

The teacher said "same to you Carl."

The teacher called a child.

The investigator asked what.

The investigator noted he brought his coat.

The teacher said "have a seat."

The teacher called out to Dexter twice.

The teacher said "sit down."

Another child said something about a bag.

The teacher asked "who knows this one?"

The teacher apologized "I'm very sorry."

The teacher said "you can not do that to Johnny."

The teacher asked for Mrs. Muehler's help.

The teacher said "please have a seat please tell the truth."

The child described "these are remote controls."

The child explained "these are the levers" that "turn it on."

The child demonstrated the device.

Another child made sounds.

The child said "no I'm activating the machine ah."

Another child offered help.

The child said "thank_you."

Another child said "stop stop."

The child responded "ah."

Another child announced "look guys, come here look, look a treasure a treasure."

Another child said "look!"

Another child said "I know."

The child said he put his there and "pku the machine stopped."

The child noted "I made it stop."

Another child said "hey, hey look now."

Another child said "wind it out."

Another child asked "can I put this in?"

The child said "no the machine the machine is turned off."

The child explained "I'm fixing the machine something went wrong."

The child said "okay now I don't like him going that way."

The child said "I'll keep him for you."

The child said "I keep jumping too."

The child made a sound: "et et et."

Another child made competing sounds: "dut dut dut dut."

The child asked "let's see what mine is but Pete."

Another child said "I wanna show what what I."

The child made another sound.

After school, the child returned home for dinner preparation.

The family discussed making pancakes, mentioning "silver dollar pancakes."

The mother mentioned making butter in a class.

The child expressed excitement about making pancakes in school.

The father asked if the child needed to bring anything to school.

The investigator asked if it was about soul food.

The mother asked in which location this was.

The child identified the pancakes as "silver dollar pancakes."

The father noted they were "a little small."

The child agreed "I know they are."

The father said "those are the kind that daddy makes."

The brother mentioned gymnastics.

The child said "silver dollars are small."

The child asked "what are dollars?"

The investigator corrected the size: "not quite that big."

The child asked about size again: "that big?"

The investigator showed "about like this."

The child continued asking about the size.

The brother described the gymnastics requirements: "hand stands and backward forward rolls and everything."

The brother explained "we gotta pick out backward and forward rolls and pick out something like handstands and headstands and back forward rolls."

The father asked the brother about needing to do all those things before competing.

The mother asked the father "does that mean you can't compete?"

The child said something about the father storing something.

The brother repeated the child's observation about the father.

The father asked what the child was saying.

The child was confused about what the brother meant.

The mother asked "how was school?"

The brother said "I don't know."

The child said he had "hammentaschen."

The child elaborated "I have about four hamintases because one in school."

The investigator asked "what are those?"

The mother explained "when they come yesterday they were celebrating" a "jewish festival."

The mother said "they had a play."

The child asked "did you save any?"

The father said "no."

The father explained "daddy ate all of them last night."

The mother said "I think they are still at the bakery."

The mother described hamantaschen as pastries "fold fold over with apricots or."

The child complained the father didn't ask if anyone wanted more.

The father said the child had his and the father had his.

The child protested "David didn't have his."

The father corrected the child.

The mother said "besides the police didn't do anything."

The brother mentioned school.

The father asked the investigator "would you like another?"

The child said "there is no biscuit."

The child offered "I'll go and get you seconds."

The father asked the mother "are there any more biscuits?"

The mother confirmed "there is a second biscuit for everybody."

The father asked the investigator if he wanted more.

The mother said "yeah you can there's more of everything."

The mother warned the child "you have not finished."

The child wanted "more french fries."

The mother asked "how did you do on your?"

The child answered "fine!"

The mother asked who wanted another biscuit.

The mother asked the brother if he wanted something else.

The mother asked if the brother finished his plate.

The father asked about the recorder.

The mother asked the investigator about wanting more.

The investigator said "maybe just a little bit portion."

The father said "we should have told then about at home we have."

The child asked "who?"

The father mentioned the school celebration.

The child said "we didn't have a celebration."

The child said "we just had a little fun."

The child asked the father "you know what?"

The child asked the father "pass the butter please."

The child asked about the butter.

The father confirmed it was butter.

The child observed the butter was about a certain width.

The father asked "what about this?"

The child said he needed to go to the bathroom.

The father said "not not until after dinner."

The child said it was an emergency.

The mother asked if the child wanted more.

The father said "alright you may be excused."

The mother told the brother to put something back in the plate.

The child said "thank_you."

The child asked if anyone was in the bathroom.

The child asked the brother about being in the bathroom.

The investigator said he couldn't get involved.

The child asked "want the butter?"

The brother asked "huh?"

The child said "butter's right over there."

The mother told the child "string beans Dexter."

The brother said "there is no butter."

The child disagreed "uhhuh."

The mother asked if the boys wanted another hamburger.

The child said "mm hold ah the butter."

The mother asked "there is one hamburger do you want it?"

The child said "uhuh I want a piece."

The investigator spoke about the recorder constantly going.

The father mentioned "intelligence machine."

The child asked "what machine?"

The brother said "recorder."

The father explained it was "hooked up to" him.

The child denied being hooked up to anything.

The brother tested the recorder: "testing one two three."

The mother commented "look at the walking electric man."

The child said "will you keep."

The father explained it "operates the same idea, that the tv."

The mother explained it's "on you."

The child said "he plugged it into me."

The brother asked "how does it work?"

The brother asked "how does it get all the way out here?"

The investigator explained "by those antennas."

The mother confirmed "this is a receiver set."

The child identified "that is the antennas."

The mother asked about a girl who visited.

The child said he didn't know her name.

The mother said the girl had been in the class all year.

The child guessed "Miranda?"

The mother asked if she was little.

The child asked "was she little?"

The mother said "uhuh."

The child said "there's nobody taller than me."

The mother asked "where in class or after school?"

The child said "oh."

The father asked about play group.

The brother said he went to play group.

The father asked what they do there.

The brother said he did homework and watched television.

The mother asked how many kids were in the group.

The brother said "about five."

The father asked what was happening to flowers.

The child said "they're growing."

The brother confirmed "maybe five."

The mother asked if that was the only activity.

The brother said "yeah."

The mother asked what they did.

The investigator explained the parents usually leave at school.

The child said something.

The mother asked the father to pass the salt.

The child said "yeah oh" and identified "butter."

The mother said "salt, please."

The child identified "salt."

The father said something was "going to pot."

The mother told the child "Dexter eat some of your string beans."

The father asked if the investigator had "the same thing?"

The child said "I don't like those."

The father explained "they give you muscles."

The father said "strong."

The mother asked about butter placement.

The brother told the child to leave the butter.

The brother said the child was going to "fix my french fries."

The child said "yes."

The brother said "I thought it was the butter."

The brother said "french fries."

The brother told the child "take those french fries."

The brother asked the child "give me one."

The brother handed something to the child.

The child said "okay."

The child noted "there's so many alright there so a couple I might hafta take all of them."

The child said "I think I will."

The brother asked "know something?"

The child asked "what?"

The brother explained "through the earphones you can hear on every you do."

The brother added "wherever you are?"

The child asked "like what?"

The brother asked "hm?"

The child explained "you go in there and whenever you see the red light flash on those things that means I'm talking."

The brother confirmed "okay."

The child said "okay?"

The child said "no go in there."

The child said "yeah."

The brother said he knew what he was doing.

The child said "I'm just gonna show you something."

The brother asked "say hi."

The child explained "when you see that thing turn red that means that I'm talking."

The brother confirmed "I know."

The brother said "okay now."

The child asked "you hear me?"

The child pointed out "see see the red light?"

The brother said "okay Decky now I'm listening in the earphones just what what I'll hear you."

The brother asked "Decky?"

The child called to his mother: "mom."

The child said "David's listening in the earphones."

The child said "he just wants to hear what I'm saying."

The mother said "not."

The child asked "why not?"

The mother explained "because it's not your stuff."

The mother warned "now don't you dare touch it."

The mother warned "now Dexter if you wanted the french fries you were to bring them back here."

The mother asked "did you finish?"

The child said "yes."

The mother called the child over.

The mother said "I have some words."

The mother said "now you pick those up and then daddy and I and and Carl and I are probably going to talk for a little while."

The mother said the child "can go do whatever you usually after supper."

The child said something about "Robbin."

The child asked "who's that?"

The child said "oh no."

The child said "no."

The child said "gotta wait until."

The child said "it's starting to go down."

The child said "fast we needta get up there and do it if that the one."

The child said "okay."

The child asked "why don't you have."

The child mentioned "the horse the horse flying man candy man."

The child said to the brother "you're not going in that den get down there you'll be all nice and comfortable."

The child said "now look."

The child asked "how about Carl."

The mother said "David took."

The child said "food."

The mother warned "no no no Dexter."

The child said "don't talk."

The mother said "watch your manners."

The child complained "David's always bugging me because he wants to talk into here."

The child wondered "I wonder why he didn't joined his himself."

The investigator asked "why he didn't do what?"

The child said "I wonder why he didn't do it."

The investigator asked "didn't do what?"

The child explained "he didn't get a microphone."

The child said "because, it was not his turn."

The mother asked the child if he wanted to take things to another room.

The child said "okay okay."

The brother said "okay okay."

The mother said "okay everybody take things in."

The child said "okay, okay everything okay."

The investigator said "well here I come ready or not."

The investigator made sounds.

The investigator assumed "the sitting is the same as."

The father asked "last night?"

The investigator said "yeah."

The father said "let's let's get yourself in."

The mother said "here we go."

The mother said "okay."

The father said "ah."

The mother noted "oh there is no ketchup."

The child said "there's no ketchup."

The child added "and there's no Tartar sauce."

The child said "no, no meat sauce."

The mother called out "Dexter!"

The child made a commercial jingle "two all beef patties."

The investigator repeated "all beef patties."

The child modified it "to all beef patties."

The father called "Dexter."

The child said "I'll get it, I'll get it."

The investigator mentioned not remembering something.

The mother warned "Dexter it's time for you to be here at the table."

The child said "I'll get it."

The child repeated "I'll get it."

The child added "I get it I get it I get it."

The investigator asked a question.

The mother said "after dinner."

The father asked "after what?"

The child said "got it!"

The brother mentioned "honey comb."

The father said "definitely not."

The brother asked "after dinner?"

The father said "no."

The father asked "will you have a veal cutlet?"

The child warned "you'll never be able to get it it says right down there."

The father asked "what's that?"

The father asked "a trick?"

The mother commented "there's something about those hamburgers."

The father asked "what does it say on the front?"

The mother said "alright you all are holding you all are holding up the grace, I'm hungry."

The father said "okay let's say the grace."

The mother said "say the grace."

The father called on the child to say grace.

The child began "oh, the lord is good to me and so I thank the lord."

The group sang the rest: "and so I thank the lord for giving me the things I need, the sun and the rain and the apple seeds."

The group sang "the lord is good to me."

The group concluded "Johnny Appleseed!"

The child said "beat."

The mother said "amen."

The mother noted "that's a camp grace."

The mother asked the brother to pass the biscuits.

The child asked "camp?"

The mother explained "these are not not the same kind of biscuits."

The father joked "obviously I didn't make them."

The brother noted "they're small ones."

The mother said "they're from a different company."

The brother said "oh_my_goodness, I did!"

The investigator said "I see, I see, thank you."

The brother said "these aren't from a different company."

The mother clarified "they're Pillsbury."

The mother added they were "not Pillsbury's a."

The father asked if they were baked too long.

The mother denied that.

The father said "they're not Pillsbury's" but "hungry Jack's or hungry Ben's" and these were "regular size biscuits."

The father protested "absolutely not!"

The child asked "where's the corn?"

The child offered to read from packaging.

The father asked "what is that card?"

The investigator noted the card "says nothing about what the contents of a Big Mac."

The brother said "mommy I don't want this kind of juice."

The mother said "that's the kind we're having this evening."

The investigator noted the card "tells you about winning prizes."

The child said "yes it does yes it does."

The investigator said "I didn't see anything about to all beef patties."

The child admitted "oh, had the wrong card."

The investigator confirmed "that's right."

The child said "I got plenty of them."

The father said "well, let's eat."

The child said "yeah."

The mother asked "would you pass me the butter please."

The father asked "you want a little Big Ben sauce?"

The father asked "yeah?"

The investigator asked "whose sauce?"

The father explained "Big Ben, they use it to you might try it."

The mother warned "hey, hey, now don't do it that hard, Dexter."

The mother warned "you might break it."

The investigator said "alright."

The mother said "that's a one."

The mother noted "that's Big Ben we don't have."

The father asked "what's that."

The father noted "oh that's a one."

The mother asked the father to "look at it again."

The father said "oh, that's a one."

The mother explained "a Big Ben is a mixture of a."

The child asked "what do I got Big Ben?"

The father asked "what do I have?"

The child said "yeah."

The father explained "you have a one."

The father said "it's very good."

The father warned "if you drink all of yours you won't have any room for what the food."

The father said "right."

The mother said "salt and pepper for the meat and."

The father told the investigator "Carl you're getting a good lesson on what to do when you have your youngsters."

The investigator agreed "yeah."

The investigator said "uhhuh."

The mother added "or what you shouldn't do."

The investigator said "if and when that times comes."

The father said "it's a joy that no one should be deprived of."

The mother explained "we don't usually eat two different things at our meals."

The mother explained "my husband and I one on a fish diet right now."

The investigator said "oh."

The mother said "which is why we have fish every night."

The father noted "the only thing is that I like those patties."

The mother added "except sundays."

The mother asked "did you make them after all."

The brother said "I'm on a diet too but you."

The brother said "you two forgot about it."

The mother asked "what kind diet?"

The father asked "what kind of diet are you on?"

The father asked "not eating?"

The brother protested "who said that?"

The mother noted "these biscuits are smaller but they taste better."

The child said "on sunday morning you're not getting anymore chocolate bars or anything."

The investigator said "oh."

The brother said "that right and then I'm gonna buy some diet candy."

The father warned "you hafta take your food, Dexter."

The investigator asked "diet candy?"

The brother asked "uhhuh you heard of it?"

The child said "yep."

The child said "I heard of it."

The child said "everybody heard of it."

The brother asked "what?"

The father warned "Decky, you haven't had anything to eat, nothing but drink and a biscuit."

The mother said "I know he ate his biscuit."

The mother asked "what did you have for dinner today, Dexter?"

The mother asked "chicken?"

The child said "uhuh."

The brother said "I'm very hungry now."

The child said "I had."

The brother explained "because I had a couple muffins."

The mother said "right."

The brother confirmed "uhhuh."

The mother said "right."

The father asked "did they make the pancakes?"

The brother said "they had something that was like."

The child said "the wrong day."

The father asked "what?"

The brother described "with potatoes and stuff with this whip cream sauce with slices of ham inside of them."

The child repeated "the wrong day."

The father asked "the wrong day?"

The child said "we were just."

The father guessed "guess who I had lunch with today?"

The brother said "I don't know what that is."

The mother identified them "blintzes."

The brother said "I didn't eat it."

The mother asked if they were "folded over like."

The child asked "the vice president?"

The child said "no."

The father said "no it wasn't the vice president, it wasn't that."

The brother mentioned "pieces of ham."

The father revealed "uncle Jim."

The mother exclaimed "hm!"

The child asked "uncle Jim?"

The father confirmed "uhhuh."

The mother asked "where did you see uncle Jim?"

The father explained "he came to my office."

The mother asked "you had lunch together?"

The father said "uhhuh."

The mother asked "and how is he?"

The brother asked "did he give us our christmas present?"

The mother noted "well listen when uncle Jim gives presents he gives great presents."

The father said "he made no mention of it."

The father warned "you're not to make any mention of it until he gives it to you."

The mother said "you don't know what he has in mind."

The father said he would "deliver up in the country."

The mother noted "the last two christmas he has always given you all two and three presents at one time."

The mother reminded them "one year he gave you binoculars."

The investigator said "wow."

The mother asked "and what were the other things pool table."

The father said "pool table."

The mother said "and guns and holsters."

The mother explained "he gave you a whole lot of stuff at one time and last year he gave Dexter that big pool table."

The mother asked "and what did he give you?"

The brother thanked his mother.

The father said "the microscope."

The father speculated "I have a sneaking suspicion that he he may deliver something up in the country."

The mother said "well uncle Jim is really too generous."

The mother noted "we don't mind if he misses christmas."

The mother said "Dave these are still things packed up over it that corner in the living room that people haven't played with yet."

The brother said "yes we have."

The mother said "well not that often."

The brother said "mhm so many things and tv."

The father joked "you kids have enough things for me to open up a store with."

The child said "and that's what we are going to do some day."

The brother said "in the summer."

The father proposed "have a spring sale, spring sale on Hundred Nineteenth Street."

The child suggested "uhuh right in this house."

The father asked "where?"

The child said "right in this house."

The father asked again "where?"

The child repeated "right in this house."

The brother said "not in here."

The child said "yeah."

The brother said "down."

The father said "oh no I don't want all these kids on the house."

The brother said "I know."

The father suggested "we'll have it down in the park some place mhm."

The mother mentioned "something very interesting for Decky's."

The child suggested "we'll be down in the lemonade no not in the lemonade store."

The father joked "you could serve lemonade on the side."

The brother said "then we'll have this lottery."

The brother explained "whoever wins it gets a dollar."

The investigator joked "with each five dollar purchase you get a free glass of lemonade."

The father agreed "mhm."

The investigator noted "incentive to buy."

The child said "then the money goes to me."

The mother said "oh I called doctor Safford today."

The father asked "yes."

The mother said she got notice.

The father warned "no no Decky don't do that."

The father noted "the cats are enough."

The mother warned "Dexter you're not going to get any dessert."

The child asked "why?"

The mother explained "if you don't turn around and eat your supper."

The child asked "may I have something for my mouth?"

The mother said "uhuh you needta put something of every kind of thing that you have on your plate in your mouth."

The father asked "is there more bread?"

The child protested "but I don't like the spaghetti."

The mother said "yes these is."

The mother explained "there's the they come ten ten in a pack."

The father said "eat your broccoli."

The father said "I'll put these others."

The mother asked "you're you're you're ready for yours."

The father said "I'll put the other two in here."

The father told the child "Dexter sit up please."

The mother said "cmon sit in the seat, right."

The mother said "let's go."

The child asked "what's for dessert?"

The father echoed "what's for dessert!"

The father said "I don't see how you could possibly talk about dessert with all that food in your plate."

The child asked "yeah, but what is it?"

The father said "nothing for people who don't eat their dinner."

The brother mentioned "Orange Juliuses."

The investigator said "mm."

The father said "I saw some sherbet."

The mother noted "the hungry jacks are better."

The mother said they "go down they go blump."

The father speculated they "may have been in a little long."

The mother disagreed and said "they just brown quickly."

The father mentioned "these are not the kind that we cooked."

The child agreed "uhuh."

The mother repeated "but they taste better."

The child said "mommy."

The mother explained "they're just not as big."

The child said "mom's I think taste better."

The father asked "what?"

The child specified "mom's taste better the one's that don't come in in cans."

The brother corrected the child "you mean mine yeah mine."

The child asked "why?"

The brother said "I'm the one who makes these."

The brother asked "don't I?"

The mother paused.

The child asked "was it was the recipe?"

The child asked "your recipe?"

The brother confirmed "mhm."

The child asked "well is it?"

The child asked again "is it?"

The father asked "what do you think?"

The child said "no."

The mother told the brother to pass things to the child.

The brother said "yeah I cooked them."

The child said "I know the spare ribs."

The mother warned "hey David knock it off."

The father said "the spare ribs were David's recipe."

The child started "yeah but not the."

The mother warned "no knocking on the table Dexter."

The brother said "mm I want those tonight."

The father asked "what?"

The brother said "mm."

The mother explained "because Dexter can't eat them too well with his front teeth missing."

The child said "they had fish today in school."

The mother said "Dexter thought I maybe you did."

The mother said he usually has fish "on friday but maybe he did."

The father asked "do you have lunch over there?"

The investigator said "today I did."

The mother asked "any special reason?"

The child said the investigator "was only going to record in the the morning class."

The investigator explained he thought he'd run out of tape so he went back and got another tape.

The investigator said "I stayed there and I ate lunch."

The investigator described a quiet place where he "can go in and sort of hide out."

The investigator said he stayed there for "about two hours."

The investigator said "did some reading and fell asleep."

The investigator called it "kind of pleasant."

The father asked "how did the thing work out."

The mother noted "that's a long stretch you have."

The investigator said "yeah it is."

The father asked "last night did it all did the stuff come through yesterday?"

The investigator said "I didn't even check I assume that it does."

The father noted the investigator "were probably pooped when you got home."

The investigator agreed "I always am."

The investigator explained "I shut it all out, you know and I watched a little tv."

The investigator noted "but tomorrow I can sleep late I can sleep late."

The father asked "oh you don't get up tomorrow morning?"

The investigator said "not at six o'clock."

The investigator explained "I might get up at eight o'clock."

The mother noted "it's his day off."

The mother said "I think it's very good, they stop for a day in for you to be off."

The mother said "because such a real grind."

The mother noted "everyday, everyday."

The investigator said "right."

The father asked "which is more grinding about that than what we do?"

The mother explained "he stays with it from eight fifteen in the morning until eight at night."

The mother said "you didn't work a twelve hour day."

The father protested "yes I do."

The mother asked who else knew that.

The investigator said "you two are the only ones that know that."

The mother confirmed "that's right."

The investigator noted "all family people put in a much longer day."

The investigator explained compared to "a single person, or a person" without responsibility.

The mother noted "the psychology of what you put in."

The investigator agreed "right."

The mother revealed "Dexter woke up at five o'clock this morning with a nose bleed."

The investigator said "mm yeah right."

The investigator noted "yeah you're on call."

The mother explained "which means that nobody got back to sleep."

The mother said "David never woke up."

The brother questioned "last night?"

The brother said "oh you wanna make a bet?"

The mother said "make a bet with no degree."

The mother warned "Dexter you're about to be in trouble."

The brother made enthusiastic sounds.

The father warned "you took too much spaghetti."

The father explained "whenever I can go back and get more food, that means you took too much."

The father asked "excuse me."

The mother expressed confusion about something.

The father asked "are you using your fingers?"

The father asked "huh?"

The brother said "yep."

The mother confirmed "mhm."

The father corrected the child "that what they made forks for Dexter davenport."

The brother announced "and after this I will entertain you."

The investigator asked "you are?"

The father joked "scare us, please."

The brother asked "what's wrong?"

The mother warned "you're never gonna finish."

The brother asked "you like for me?"

The child protested "oh no."

The child said "not again."

The brother thanked his mother and brother.

The mother asked "when is easter?"

The father said "in a few weeks."

The brother continued thanking people.

The child agreed "yeah."

The brother announced "now in order."

The brother said "I will start out with a few easy ones."

The mother warned "you will finish your broccoli."

The child asked "what is the easy one?"

The brother suggested "like hot pork buns."

The child said "yeah."

The mother warned about eating meat.

The child said "a baby could do that I I know hot cross sponge."

The child asked "what you."

The father asked "you know hot cross sponge?"

The brother continued thanking people "for my mother."

The father told the child "Decky taught you."

The child said "no I taught myself."

The brother mentioned "the worlds fingers for my mother."

The investigator asked "you meant to say David, right?"

The father asked "hm?"

The child mentioned "Rudolf the red nosed reindeer."

The investigator asked again "you meant to say David?"

The investigator asked "you meant to say David?"

The father echoed "David."

The father said "yeah."

The child noted he's "not so good" on "radio Rudolf The Red Nosed Reindeer."

The mother asked "would you sit up David?"

The father said "let's wait for christmas for that."

The child said "I am sitting up."

The mother disagreed "no you're not."

The child said "yeah but it but he won't be working christmas."

The father asked "what?"

The child said "he won't be working at christmas."

The father asked "why?"

The mother asked "who won't be working?"

The child said "him."

The child said "he got a day off at christmas."

The investigator asked "who me?"

The child said "no."

The child said "everybody."

The mother warned "David please at the table."

The father called "David."

The child said "I do but you don't."

The investigator said "I did this past christmas."

The child said "you only get today and tomorrow off."

The child asked the investigator "you only get tomorrow right?"

The father asked "you go home or stay here?"

The father asked "how often do you get home?"

The investigator said "oh once a year."

The father echoed "once a year?"

The investigator confirmed "uhhuh I usually go like an off season."

The child said "yep."

The mother warned "you don't get anything else to drink."

The father asked "hm?"

The investigator explained "in an off season."

The father said "mhm."

The investigator noted "the holiday traffic is just too too much to handle here in New York."

The brother said "these things taste like hot dogs."

The mother asked "did you see any ceremony Gerry down at Rockefeller plaza today?"

The mother asked if the ceremony "was all over and done with."

The father said "all over."

The father explained "I worked I I don't have time to go out and look at ceremonies."

The mother understood "I know and you also can't hear the band music because you're up so high."

The brother asked "and what was down there?"

The mother said "well after you left they were having."

The father told the child "Decky knows."

The father asked "tell them tell them what they were having down at my place."

The child said "they were putting the flags up, because."

The father asked "what were they celebrating?"

The child said "the flag birthday."

The father said "no."

The brother guessed "the flags's birthday."

The father asked "whose birthday?"

The brother suggested "Nixon's."

The child said "nobody's."

The father clarified "America's."

The brother joked "daddy's birthday."

The mother asked "what birthday is it?"

The father explained "the bicentennial."

The brother confirmed "yeah."

The mother elaborated "two hundredth birthday."

The mother explained "this country is two hundred years old."

The brother mentioned "I must watch the bicentennial minute tonight daddy."

The mother asked "the bicentennial what?"

The brother explained "it comes on a at at right after they show what's on at eight o'clock on channel two."

The mother asked "say that again."

The father warned "you're not gonna watch anything until that math is done."

The brother promised "I know I will I will do that math but comes on right after eight o'clock and on the show."

The father asked "Decky were you excused?"

The mother warned "and don't touch that piano with those hands."

The mother said "come on."

The mother repeated "come on."

The brother said "it comes on between the commercials."

The brother explained "it only comes on once a night and it comes on between commercials."

The mother asked "but I don't know what did you say?"

The brother identified "the bicentennial minute."

The mother echoed "the bicentennial minute."

The brother explained "it tells about what happened two hundred years ago at this time."

The father asked "who told you about that?"

The brother said "I heard it on tv."

The father asked "they talk about the bicentennial in your school yet?"

The brother confirmed "uhuh."

The mother warned "Dexter you didn't eat any of your spaghetti."

The father asked "Carl will you have some more?"

The father said "there's plenty of everything."

The investigator said "I can't eat anymore."

The father complained "got such a heavy hand tonight, and if you don't eat it that means we eat it again."

The investigator explained "well I'm really full of liquid."

The investigator said "I've been drinking juices and stuff all day."

The mother warned "nobody gets any dessert."

The brother said "my food's done."

The investigator explained "I don't really have very much room."

The brother said "I ate mine and he still has all that spaghetti."

The father said "well he ate everything except the spaghetti."

The mother asked "at least eat three spoonfuls of that."

The mother repeated the request about spaghetti and eating three spoonfuls.

The father said "and sit down."

The father repeated "no now sit down."

The mother said "and sit down."

The mother continued instructions.

The child protested "so what?"

The father warned "listen not not like that."

The mother said "no and cut it."

The father noted "he knows how to eat spaghetti."

The mother said "alright if you eat and not at one time."

The mother called "Dexter."

The father said "Dexter come back."

The mother warned "something awful is going to happen to you Dexter."

The mother said "he's gonna get he's showing off."

The mother confirmed "that's right."

The mother warned "you're gonna get it in your you know what."

The father said "you're showing off."

The mother warned "you're not being cooperative or nice and your going to get a spanking on your bottom."

The father said "no dessert."

The brother confirmed "yeah."

The child said "yes."

The father instructed "alright put that down in the plate put it in the plate alright."

The brother said "I will first entertain you."

The mother warned "I didn't see you touch your napkin with your hands, and take them off those hands off those piano keys and get them off your pants and shirt and come back and use your napkin."

The father said "okay Decky that's it."

The brother said "gonna get it."

The father said "that's it!"

The brother said "Decky I was here before you anyway."

The child protested "uhuh I was."

The mother said "stay up."

The father called "Dexter."

The brother said "Decky hasta come too."

The mother confirmed "yep you both will back out and you'll play the piano in few minutes."

The mother explained "because that's why you left to get away from this table."

The father asked the brother to "bring me my briefcase out of my front office please."

The brother asked "what what do you want me to do?"

The mother said "you don't have, you don't hafta eat anymore."

The mother explained "you ate the three spoonfuls."

The brother asked "what do you want me to do?"

The mother explained "but you and Dexter started that race so you could get to the piano first and nobody's gonna play it for a few minutes."

The brother said "hm."

The father said "as you know and you know we don't do that."

The mother said "that's right we're not gonna play games."

The mother said "now you can go do anything else you wanna do."

The brother said "and and and when you call me I go to the piano, me no him."

The father told the brother to look in his night stand drawer.

The mother warned "don't touch it Dexter."

The father mentioned matches.

The mother warned "I said don't touch the piano and that exactly what I meant."

The father instructed "in my night stand draw."

The brother said "I think."

The child noted "it's the walkie talkies."

The brother said "they don't in there."

The child protested "it is so."

The brother confirmed "yeah that's right they useta be."

The child said "now the old walkie talkies are done in for."

The child said "oh."

The child said "I try mine."

The brother asked the child to help.

The brother said "you can't do that."

The father said "no I don't want that."

The brother protested "you said you wanted."

The father clarified "I I I told you what I wanted."

The brother asked "dad."

The father commanded "go back to my night stand and look in my drawer and bring my book of matches!"

The mother added "oh and bring me my pocketbook."

The child offered to get the mother's nightstand item first.

The brother asked if the child was helping.

The brother said the child was the one who.

The father asked the brother to get his things.

The mother asked "who's that man?"

The father said "that's the man."

The child asked "who?"

The child asked "did that guy down the street?"

The father announced "listen, you guys can have dessert and then."

The father said "get ready for bed."

The child said "coffee cake."

The child repeated "coffee cake."

The mother said "yet."

The father asked "it is?"

The mother asked "what do you have?"

The mother asked "what time is it?"

The father asked "where you suppose to be?"

The father asked "what do you guys want for dessert?"

The brother said "ice cream soda."

The brother said "oh no not that Decky had."

The child said "I want I want."

The mother warned the child had "not had his Decky just took pinches out of the coffee cake."

The brother said "he love orange Julius even."

The mother suggested "let's save orange Julius for for friday okay."

The brother asked "okay hey mom?"

The mother said "I I forgot I have orange sherbet."

The mother said "no I'm not gonna make orange sherbet tonight."

The brother mentioned batteries.

The investigator asked "how do you make your Orange Juliuses?"

The mother explained the recipe: "put some ice cream in the blender, some powdered milk, some frozen orange juice concentrate and a few drops of vanilla and some ice cubes and it's all beat up."

The investigator confirmed "uhhuh."

The mother said "and you can't tell the stuff is delicious."

The child asked "is he gonna do it or."

The investigator noted his version: "I put a egg and some milk and orange juice."

The mother said "that's not bad."

The father asked "how does that taste?"

The investigator said "good."

The investigator added "in fact I."

The father said "yeah."

The child asked "did you turn it back on?"

The investigator said "yes it's going right now."

The child asked "it is?"

The mother noted "oh that's right you you gotta record the bed thing."

The mother said "oh that's."

The mother said "see you."

The brother called "mom."

The mother said "no well the boys will get into their pajamas."

The father said "but he can't get into his pajamas because."

The mother said "oh I see."

The mother asked "why yes he no he can't."

The father warned "naw naw naw don't take it off Decky."

The child said "I'll take this jacket off."

The mother asked "tell me can he."

The father suggested "probably be better if he get his and have him."

The investigator noted it didn't make a difference because "there are other families where they have."

The investigator said "I'm sure that even though the child knows because I'm there probably won't go to bed until quarter of or going on nine o'clock."

The mother asked "what was the button to push?"

The investigator noted "it's early now."

The father said "I can fix it."

The father said "but."

The child repeated "I want a ice cream soda."

The brother said "or orange Julius."

The child mentioned "this is salt , salt and pepper shaker."

The mother called "David."

The mother asked "you have the."

The investigator asked "what is that microphone?"

The child said "yeah."

The investigator said "nah."

The child protested "yes it does."

The father asked "what?"

The brother said "I want some."

The father said "oh yes."

The father added "besides we don't have any."

The child said "I want a donut."

The child repeated "donut."

The father asked "do we have anything to drink except soda?"

The mother said "we have ice cream, I bought ice cream there."

The father confirmed "yeah."

The mother asked "what?"

The mother explained "ice cream makes it cold."

The mother said "I'll do it."

The father said "I will do it."

The brother asked "what are you making?"

The investigator asked "what happened?"

The father said "nothing."

The child said "she stepped on she stepped on her step step."

The mother said "hurt my toe and obviously there's."

The investigator noted something.

The mother said "no sympathy."

The child said "she keeps on going."

The child said "when she steps on her toe."

The father warned "David your fingers."

As evening progressed, the family discussed bedtime preparations.

The mother asked about the investigator's need to record the bedtime routine.

The investigator confirmed he was recording and it was going right then.

The father mentioned this was "part of our ritual" "between dinner and time."

The father noted "we're really behind schedule."

The father asked the child about having dessert.

The child said he had "got one more mouth."

The father warned the child to "be careful that's heavy" when opening something.

The father offered to open something for the child.

The brother was working on a math problem: "that forty two twelve."

The child asked "what?"

The brother explained "twelve take away four is is eight."

The father asked the investigator about his next case.

The investigator said "some middle income child" he'd never met.

The investigator assumed he would meet them Saturday.

The investigator said he would go back to Harlem Wednesday and Thursday.

The father asked about professional families in Harlem.

The investigator said "no."

The investigator explained "all these people their children are in the same center."

The investigator said "I know all the kids."

The investigator noted most lived "in same sort of housing development or on the perimeter of it."

The investigator said professional people "are in other parts of Manhattan one's in Brooklyn Englewood and."

The father noted there's "a whole enclave, professional black in Harlem."

The father mentioned they have friends on "Convent Ave, Hamilton Terrace" who "all own houses up there."

The father mentioned "brownstone houses kids."

The father said they suggested to Bill about using some resources.

The father said the child was "helping mom clean her plates."

The child confirmed that's what he was doing.

The father said "okay."

The child asked the father to wait "just a minute."

The child called to his father: "dad."

The father said "okay."

The father told the child to "put that back and go back and take off your a thing okay."

The child asked the father to "look in the mirror."

The father confirmed "yes."

The father said "okay a you wanna."

The child asked "is."

The investigator confirmed something.

The father asked "what?"

The child mentioned "this animal sticks."

The father asked "why does it stick?"

The child explained "because it's a freaky magnet."

The father confirmed "magnet that's right."

The child asked the father "what are you gonna do?"

This concludes the detailed narrative of the family's day from morning preparation through late evening, showing the transition from school preparation, the child's school day activities, and then returning home for dinner and evening activities in preparation for bedtime.
