Session: jaf
Situation: optional (lunch time: Julia's stories)
Participants: BRO, CHI, EXP, FAD, FAT, FCH, MCH, MOT, TCA, UNK
Total utterances: 5166
Summary sentences: 287
Compression ratio: 18:1

============================================================
NARRATIVE SUMMARY
============================================================

The investigator arrived at the house and became engaged in conversation with the family during lunch time.

The child was playing with a toy and the mother informed him that he would have to leave his gum at home but could have some when he returned.

The investigator and mother discussed his journey to their house, and the mother asked how he usually came to visit.

The investigator explained that he took the Greyhound bus to Forty-second Street, then took a hundred sixty-six bus, getting off at Palisades and Grand Avenue.

From there, he walked to a black and white cab company and took a cab the rest of the way.

The child and brother excitedly mentioned the Greyhound truck, repeating it several times.

The investigator explained that the father had suggested he could take a different bus that would let him off two blocks from their house.

The investigator decided to try that route but admitted he didn't trust the driver for some reason.

The investigator explained that he had asked the driver negative questions because he wasn't certain if that was the right bus to Englewood.

The brother frequently interrupted with comments and the child was engaged in side conversations throughout.

The investigator noted that the West Indian driver didn't seem to understand American English sentence formations.

The mother and investigator discussed the correct avenue and street where he got off the bus.

The child looked out the window and saw Doreen's coat and pocketbook.

The investigator asked the child if he thought it was a beautiful day outside.

The mother mentioned that her niece who had been sleeping at their house left that morning to go back to Virginia.

The investigator asked if this was the same girl who visited in January, and the mother said no, it was a different niece who was fifteen years old.

The investigator asked to use their bathroom and the mother told him he could.

The mother warned the child not to play with something in a pot and said that father would be angry if Jason tore things apart.

The mother said Jason broke something and that daddy was going to be furious about it.

The child said he didn't care what daddy would do.

The investigator said he was ready whenever the mother was.

The mother and brother rushed to get ready to leave.

The mother asked Jason if he was trying to be funny and told him to get on his buses.

The child waved goodbye, saying he wouldn't be back for a week.

The child joked that they had a bathroom in their car.

The brother told him he didn't have a bathroom in his car.

The investigator agreed it would be a most unusual car.

The mother asked about zipping up a coat and the investigator said it was okay to zip it up.

The mother mentioned that she had thrown their hats up somewhere.

The child asked if it was too cold outside.

The mother said they didn't have to put on a hat all day.

The mother told Jason to get his lunch box.

The brother asked why the mother held his head to keep it cold.

The mother told Jason to leave his comic there and she would save it until he came back.

The brother joked that the boogie man would get Jason.

The mother and family prepared to leave for Jason's school.

The investigator asked Jason what they were doing over at the school.

The child mentioned they were cutting things.

The mother talked about Jason's hyperactive classmate, William, who would probably be a problem.

The investigator thanked the family for something.

After dropping Jason at school, the family returned home, where the mother and investigator engaged in various activities with the children.

The investigator showed the children the recording equipment that was set up in the house.

The child asked how the investigator would watch him on the telephone.

The investigator explained that he wasn't on the telephone but on the recorder.

The child seemed confused about what the recorder was.

The child said goodbye to the investigator on the recorder.

The child yelled for his mother and said it was for her.

The mother asked why the child was screaming and said he didn't have to scream.

The child couldn't hear the mother clearly.

The investigator explained that the child should be able to hear through the system.

The child said he never heard the mother.

The brother also said he heard nothing.

The mother told the child not to talk loud.

The child insisted he had to talk loud to be heard.

The brother disagreed, saying the child never had to talk loud.

The child called out to his brother Johnathan and asked why he did something wrong.

The brother kept saying "never."

The child told his brother he was crazy.

The investigator explained that Johnathan had headsets on.

The brother got excited and asked if they should get out of the recording area.

The child told his brother something about red light.

The brother asked if the child could hear him.

The child asked the brother if he wanted to talk.

The child told the brother to give him something and knock his hat off.

The mother warned the brother not to pull the headset because it would break and might pull the plug out.

The investigator said he was listening to what the child had to say.

The child said the light was red, red light.

The investigator corrected him and said it was green light, not red light.

The child asked if the investigator wanted to see a red light.

The investigator instructed the child to look at the green light closest to him.

The investigator told the child to look to the left of the green light to see the red light come on.

The brother excitedly watched this demonstration.

The investigator asked if the child was watching the red light.

The investigator told the child to look at the other green light.

The investigator explained that every time he said something, the red light would come on.

The child confirmed he understood this.

The investigator told the child to look at his own light and watch for a little bit of red light when he spoke.

The child confirmed he saw the red light when he spoke.

The investigator praised the child's observation.

The brother asked if he could talk now.

The child said goodbye and the brother said yes.

The investigator said the system should work better now.

The brother said he was going to write a note saying hello.

The child asked his brother who was talking to him.

The brother asked who had said that.

The child said it was him, Johnathan.

The investigator asked if the child liked to listen to the equipment.

The child asked the investigator if he could speak to Carl, the investigator's name.

The brother said yes and greeted Carl, then immediately said goodbye.

The child said the investigator could sit down over there.

The investigator agreed and said he could hear the child from where he would sit.

Later, the family gathered for dinner together.

The mother asked Jason about his dinner as she served him food.

The child asked what the mother was wearing.

The father came over and said he had to dry the child's nose.

The mother told Jason to hurry up and sit to eat so they could go to bed.

The mother said that everybody would sit together in the family room while the child was eating.

The mother gave the child juice.

The mother told Johnathan to come over.

The father asked if he was going to sit inside.

The mother said they would sit right there.

The father brought the food over.

The mother told Jason to eat all his food so he could have big muscles.

The child said he would eat just that amount.

The father said no, the child had to eat more than that because he had already finished helping bring in the wood.

The father said the child needed muscles to bring in the wood.

The mother said Jason's energy would go away if he didn't eat.

The father said the child needed orange juice to build up muscles and asked to feel his muscles.

The father said those were not strong muscles.

The mother told Jason to eat his french fries and cucumbers.

The father asked Johnathan to show him his muscles.

The brother refused.

The child said he would just eat his cucumber.

The mother said that was fine because cucumbers were good for him.

The mother told Johnathan he could go back outside after he finished eating.

The mother asked the father if they were going to visit someone named Erica tomorrow.

The brother said no.

The father asked if the child was going to eat all his food then.

The child said he was not going to eat all of it.

The mother said the child should eat what he could.

The investigator asked Johnathan if he didn't want his food.

The brother said no.

The investigator offered to take the brother's food.

The brother said he could have it.

The investigator said he would also take the french fries.

The investigator asked if the brother was sure he didn't want the food.

The father asked how school went with something the child was wearing.

The father asked if the kids looked at what Jason was wearing.

The child said he didn't wear it at school.

The father asked why not.

The child said he didn't want to wear it at school and would never do that.

The mother asked why the child didn't like it at school.

The father said he thought Jason would change his mind and wear it.

The child said he would wear it at home but not at school.

The father expressed that he had been telling everybody how proud he was that Jason would wear it.

The child insisted he would wear it at home now.

The mother said Jason would be wearing it because she was wearing it too.

The father said that was true but he thought Jason would wear it in school.

The child told his father to leave him alone.

The father mentioned something about waking up early to see a program.

The mother mentioned it was called "Underdog."

The father asked if the child saw Underdog this morning.

The brother said no.

The mother said the brother did see it.

The investigator made a comment.

The brother said he was sleeping.

The brother then said he was pretending to be too sleepy.

The father said he woke up at five o'clock in the morning.

The father said they got to the bus station forty minutes early and sat around talking.

The father said he put someone on the bus.

The father said he was driving back uptown and passed by City University.

The father said he went where the computer was up and did about three hours of work right away because there was nobody using the computer.

The investigator acknowledged understanding.

The mother asked if the dinner tasted good and mentioned she put Jason's favorite sauce on it.

The father said he had the computer running without any problem.

The father asked if the investigator could see him with the huge computer that normally serviced nineteen colleges.

The mother made a comment about Jason possibly losing his Jello.

The brother made an exclamation.

The mother said the brother would also lose his Hi-C drink.

The investigator asked what kind of material the father handled with the computers.

The child tried to interrupt to say he was finished.

The mother told the child to eat a piece of meat for her.

The mother said she would give him more juice to make it go down.

The child refused.

The father and investigator discussed the computer operations.

The father explained that they had files and college records and a terminal set up.

The investigator asked if the father worked with a keyboard.

The father confirmed they worked with the keyboard.

The father said that within a half hour of starting it, they could process things quickly.

The investigator acknowledged understanding.

The mother told the child he was really good.

The investigator made a comment.

The mother said the food was really good.

The child said he wasn't eating all the meat.

The father said he couldn't believe how fast the computer worked.

The mother told the child he didn't have to eat all of it but should eat three pieces.

The father said he went all the way back and was at Yonkers at eight o'clock in the morning going on vacation.

The investigator made a thoughtful sound.

The child said something about this being unusual.

The child said two pieces were his.

The mother told Johnathan he was going to have three pieces of meat.

The father said the investigator shouldn't think of him as a business man because they were a bunch of dummies.

The investigator said they weren't business men.

The child told his brother he wasn't going to get any food.

The child said something else about his own food.

The investigator said he thought the child said he didn't want it.

The mother said the brother already said the investigator could have it, so he could go ahead.

The brother got up to get something.

The father got out of the way.

The investigator said he had worked for a utility company.

The investigator said they used computers with screens that displayed files.

The child asked his mother how much he had already eaten.

The father said he knew about those systems.

The investigator said those systems could display people's accounts and services.

The brother said he only ate one piece with something.

The father said that was an old time system.

Later in the afternoon, the father was discussing transportation when the child suddenly wanted to know about sounds and echoes.

The child asked the father to say something on the recording.

The father said something sounds like an echo.

The brother confirmed it sounded like an echo.

The child asked what an echo was.

The father explained that if you hollered, you would say something and hear your voice repeated.

The child asked his father to say something and suggested "Simple Simon."

The father asked what Simple Simon was.

The child told him to just say Simple Simon.

The father said "Simple Simon" out loud.

The child asked if the father heard himself.

The father said "Simple Simon says put your hands on your head."

The mother made a comment.

The father said that was very good.

The father asked if the child played Simple Simon at school.

The brother said yes.

The child asked if the brother did it.

The brother said sometimes he did.

The father asked if it was called Marian.

The mother corrected him and said it was called Simon Says.

The father understood and explained that Simon Says was a game where you do what the person tells you.

The child mentioned something about being upstairs and another child going upstairs.

The child made a noise and asked if the father heard it.

The father said he did.

The mother mentioned that Uncle Roy called and wanted the father to call him back.

The brother and child exclaimed excitedly.

The child made various mouth sounds.

The investigator told the child not to use that one and to use a different one.

The child asked which one.

The investigator said yes, that one was better.

The child tried using different equipment.

The brother greeted someone.

The father asked if Jason was going to be a recording star now.

The brother asked if Jason could hear him.

The child said no.

The brother questioned if the child could hear him.

The child said nope.

The child asked if a piece of equipment came with something.

The brother asked if the father could hear him.

The father said yes.

The child tried to hear himself on the recording.

The brother said no and told the child to let him see himself.

The child told his brother to hold something and wait.

The child told his brother to wait, repeating it several times.

The brother interrupted the child.

The child told his brother to wait and said the child should have a turn.

The child said the child should go first.

The child said something using radio lingo.

The child said he was going to race his brother Johnathan to school.

The child said it wasn't the nursery school but a different school.

The child used radio terminology throughout his utterance.

The child said different things using radio language.

The child said he didn't hear his own voice.

The brother said he could hear his voice okay.

The brother asked if the child could hear him.

The brother got a response.

The brother said no problem.

The brother suggested something like that.

The brother asked if there was a problem, asking his mother.

The mother asked if she could unfasten something.

The father continued his earlier story about going to someone's house.

The mother said they would take the child's shirt off.

The mother said the child should put on a turtleneck.

The mother said it was time to get dressed.

The father continued his story about having something to show.

The mother said to put on the turtleneck the child wore the previous night so he wouldn't get cold.

The brother refused to put on the turtleneck.

The brother agreed to put it on.

The child said the mother should look at him.

The brother said something about Englewood, New Jersey.

The mother said she would show the child how to put it on.

The brother said the child should do that.

The child said the mother should look at him.

The brother and child discussed something about Englewood and New Jersey.

The child said he didn't hear his voice in the recording.

The brother said he heard his own voice.

The child said he heard his voice now.

The mother said she didn't hear it.

The child said he didn't hear it either.

The mother said that was because she hadn't finished yet.

The brother continued talking about Englewood and New Jersey.

Later, the family went outside to play in the backyard.

The children became excited about playing with sticks.

The brother wanted to get his own stick.

The investigator praised the child's stick.

The brother said he had one too.

The investigator said the brother's stick looked kind of lethal.

The mother said she would break the stick on the brother's behind if he fell on the ground.

The child said that the stick was for Irving.

The mother told the brother to put his stick down because he could hit somebody with it.

The brother said he would punch with the stick.

The investigator asked if the children could break the sticks.

The brother said yes and asked if the investigator wanted to see.

The investigator said he did want to see.

The child asked if the investigator could kick higher up in the sky.

The investigator agreed to try.

The child told the investigator to stand back.

The investigator kicked the stick high into the air.

The child was amazed and said wow.

The mother said to catch it.

The mother told Jason to catch it.

The brother and child exclaimed in excitement.

The mother told Johnathan to kick it high this time.

The brother said no at first.

The brother said he hit it instead.

The mother asked why.

The brother said something in response.

The investigator asked if the brother was going to kick it.

The child told the brother to go ahead and try.

The investigator said he bet he could hit the brother with the stick.

The brother said the investigator couldn't hit him with the stick.

The child watched and told the investigator to watch.

The child asked if the investigator could kick the stick a certain way.

The brother made a comment about being tackled.

The investigator made a sound and kicked the stick.

The child said it wasn't that one.

The child told the investigator to wait.

The child asked if the investigator could kick it a different way.

The investigator kicked it and said boop.

The child said that was a good one.

The investigator agreed that was a good one.

The brother told the mother something.

The mother asked what.

The child tried to explain something about making it go.

The mother asked what the child thought.

The child asked if he had to climb in a certain place.

The investigator said yes, the child had to climb in there.

The child said ow, indicating it hurt.

The mother told the child to get the stick.

The mother pointed out a specific stick.

The brother came over to the investigator.

The investigator asked where they were going.

The child called the stick a big rattlesnake.

The brother said they were going to play in the backyard.

The investigator said he was following Johnathan around on the other side of the house.

The investigator made exclamations as they moved around.

The brother said they were going all the way back.

The brother showed the investigator something.

The investigator expressed amazement multiple times.

Later, the family walked around the backyard looking at the plants and trees.

The mother and investigator discussed the trees and plants.

The mother showed the investigator different vegetation.

The investigator asked what kind of tree something was.

The mother said she had no idea about trees.

The mother explained that she didn't know anything about trees.

The mother noted that everyone who visited said this or that about her trees and bushes.

The mother said she didn't know what anything was.

The investigator made a thoughtful sound.

The child asked the mother how she would make a tree big enough to climb up.

The brother called to the mother and said watch this.

The mother said that tree was too small for the child to climb.

The investigator told the child he would grow faster than the tree would grow.

The mother warned Jason not to break the branches off the tree.

The mother said the tree in the backyard wasn't strong enough for him to climb.

The mother warned the child not to do that because it would kill the tree.

The brother showed the mother something about the tree.

The child asked why the mother was warning him.

The mother pointed out that the tree was starting to bud a little bit.

The mother showed the child the small buds.

The child asked if something would keep the buds up.

The mother said yes, that thing made it grow straight.

The child asked if he could take it off.

The mother said eventually when it got big and strong enough, the child could take it off.

The child asked if that tree was his.

The mother said yes, it was his tree.

The child was excited and said yeah.

The child said that was his brother's tree too.

The mother warned Johnathan not to do something to the tree.

The child asked his brother if the brother understood how big the tree grew when the father first planted it.

The mother asked what the child meant.

The child asked if the tree was big.

The mother said it was big when first planted.

The child said he thought the tree needed water.

The mother asked who wanted water.

The mother asked if the tree wanted water.

The child confirmed the tree wanted water.

The mother said no, trees got water from rain.

The mother said the child didn't have to water trees.

The mother said the ground was plenty moist.

The brother made a comment about something.

The mother said the child should water plants that lived in the house, not outdoor trees.

The brother said something about his mouth on his foot.

The investigator asked what the brother had on his foot.

The brother said his mouth was on his foot.

The investigator asked how the child did that.

The mother said she didn't think they could go through a certain door.

The mother said she thought she had locked that door.

The brother said something.

The mother said Jason, that door was locked.

The child asked his mother to give him the key and he would open it.

The brother made a reference to the boogie man.

The mother said she didn't have the key inside.

The brother mentioned the boogie man again.

The child asked his mother why something was true.

The mother asked why.

The child said he wanted to play with his motorcycle.

The child asked if the brother wanted to play with his motorcycle.

The child explained that the brother's motorcycle was in the basement.

The investigator made a listening sound.

The child called to his brother about the motorcycles.

The brother responded with an exclamation.

The brother asked if the child would play with them.

The brother said he wanted to put something up or use something.

The investigator made an exclamation.

The mother made a sound.

The investigator said there ought to be a law about having four cars.

The mother agreed.

The child got excited about something.

The child said his motorcycle ran out of air.

The child said he kicked it.

The brother asked the mother if he could have his motorcycle.

The mother asked if the brother could have his motorcycle.

The child said the brother should go get it.

The mother asked if the brother was going to get it.

The child said he would get it.

The investigator asked if the child wasn't coming back outside.

The child said he was and would do something with it.

The child said he was going to jump.

The investigator said he was going to see what the recording tape was doing.

The investigator said he hoped the tape hadn't run out yet.

The brother said he would jump like he did it.

The child said his motorcycle was in the basement.

The investigator looked at the tape equipment.

The brother said his was in the basement too.

The child said no, the brother's was in the garage.

The investigator asked how the child sounded on the tape.

The child said his was in the garage.

The brother said oh, understanding now.

The mother said just wait a minute.

The brother said no.

The investigator exclaimed about something.

The child asked what the investigator was exclaiming about.

The investigator said the static sound was terrible.

The child asked the investigator to let him hear it.

The investigator said the static would come through a certain headset.

The investigator asked if the child could hear the snap, crackle, and pop sound.

The child asked if it was loud.

The investigator said it was sort of low.

The child said he thought it was the investigator making the sound.

The investigator said no, it wasn't him.

The investigator told the child that he wouldn't say anything and the child shouldn't say anything either.

The investigator asked if the child could hear the funny noise coming through one set of headphones.

The investigator told the child not to say anything.

The child asked if that was popping.

The investigator said yes, kind of low.

The child asked if it wasn't on the other side.

The investigator said no, just on one side.

The child asked why.

The child asked what happened next.

The child asked why the sound wasn't loud.

The child asked if that was all.

The investigator said no.

The child asked if the investigator made the sound terrible.

The investigator said it was hard to hear over that nonsense.

The child said oh, now understanding.

The brother asked why Jason was coming.

The child asked if Jason wouldn't go somewhere.

The child said boy.

The investigator told the child to let him try the headsets again.

The child said alright.

The investigator warned Johnathan to look out.

The brother asked if he was something.

The investigator asked the brother to wait a second.

The child told the brother he was popping.

The child said here was his motorcycle.

